The following irresponsible police action reported by KHOU’s Rucks Russell should scare many. Here is the story as reported.A young 13 year old dancer, Landry Thompson, came to Houston from Oklahoma. She travelled with her two dance instructors over the weekend. The intent of their visit was to train all weekend with some of the best in dance industry.When they left the studio Saturday night they stopped at a gas station very exhausted as they searched for their lodging. They were trying to locate their hotel on the GPS. Out of nowhere they were surrounded by the Houston police.The Houston police dragged them out of the car and handcuffed them all.“I was kind of freaked out and surprised by it,” said Landry Thompson.“They just pulled us out of the car. Put our hands behind out backs like we were criminals,” said Landry’s dance instructor Emmanuel Hurd. “He asked me; who is the girl? She is my student. I said I have a notarized letter from her parents stating that I have full guardianship over her while we are here.”Landry Thompson and the instructors said they pleaded with the police and told the police their story repeatedly. It did not matter to the Houston police. Landry Thompson said, “They still put handcuffs on me. And it really scared me. And they put me in the back of the cop car. I was terrified.” Landry Thompson was taken to Protective Services.“I was horrified. She was with the people I wanted her to be with. She was with people who were safe who I knew would take care of her,” said Her mother, Destiny Thompson. “Yet they had taken her away from those people and now she was in a shelter, wherever she was with people I didn’t know.”Protective Services told Destiny Thompson that she would have to fly to Houston to get her daughter. After many phone calls with various officials, Landry Thompson was released back into the custody of her dance instructors.“I would love an apology,” said Landry Thompson’s mother. “They owe her an apology.”Soon after, the trio was back at the dance studio. They intend to leave Houston on Monday afternoon.The Houston police (HPD) has not been responding to inquiries as to what happened.Why did the Houston police believe they had to react as they did? Does it have anything to do with the young dancer being a young white girl and the two dance instructors being young black males? If the two instructors were white males would the police officers have reacted in the same manner? The dance instructors had notarized document detailing that they were the young girl’s guardian. What else were they expected to do to ensure they would not be treated like common criminals but the productive human beings they are?
LIKE My Facebook Page – Visit My Blog:EgbertoWillies.com
Follow @EgbertoWilliesAdvertisementSupported byBy Scott ShaneWASHINGTON — John O. Brennan’s first difficult challenge at the C.I.A. may not be confronting the agency’s future, but its past.Mr. Brennan, whose nomination is expected to be eventually approved by the Senate, will take charge at the agency where he worked for 25 years just as it faces a sweeping indictment of its now-defunct interrogation program — a blistering, 6,000-page Senate study that includes incendiary accusations that agency officials for years systematically misled the White House, the Justice Department and Congress about the so-called enhanced interrogation techniques like waterboarding that were used on Qaeda prisoners.By the account of people briefed on the report, it concludes that the program was ill-conceived, sloppily managed and far less useful in obtaining intelligence than its supporters have claimed.“It’s a potential minefield for John Brennan,” said Mark M. Lowenthal, a former assistant C.I.A. director and former House Intelligence Committee staff director.The still-classified report by the Senate Intelligence Committee will place Mr. Brennan squarely in the cross-fire between Democratic critics of what they call a morally and practically disastrous experiment in torture, and some Republican defenders who say the report is biased and fault President Obama for banning coercive interrogations. And it could place Mr. Brennan in a difficult position inside the agency’s headquarters in suburban Virginia.If he endorses the Senate report, he will be criticizing the many C.I.A. officers who worked on the program and challenging the stance of former directors, notably George J. Tenet, who oversaw the brutal interrogations, and Michael V. Hayden, who has fervently defended them.“The career work force will be watching,” said John A. Rizzo, a top agency lawyer for 30 years before retiring in 2009. “Hundreds who were part of the seven-year E.I.T. program — and who still believe it was the right and essential thing to do — are still there,” he added, referring to enhanced interrogation techniques.The report, according to statements from some senators and descriptions from others who have reviewed it, documents in exhaustive detail how C.I.A. officials and consultants who ran the program gave top Bush administration officials, members of Congress, the American public and even their own colleagues — possibly including Mr. Brennan himself — a deeply distorted account of its nature and efficacy. After a bipartisan start in 2009, Republican staff members refused to participate in the writing of the report, making the four-year effort largely the work of Democratic committee staff members.The agency missed a Feb. 15 deadline to complete a review of the report, which has 35,000 footnotes referring to 6 million documents from C.I.A. files. It now appears likely that the response, offering the committee any factual corrections or broader judgments, will be delayed until Mr. Brennan’s arrival.Because Mr. Obama famously said he preferred to look forward, not back at his predecessor’s counterterrorism programs, the Senate report is by far the most thorough examination of how the United States came to use nudity, cold, sleep deprivation, stress positions, wall-slamming and waterboarding, methods it had long condemned as abuse or torture.Mr. Brennan will have to decide whether to support making a redacted version of the interrogation report public, as the committee is likely to support after the C.I.A. completes its review and as a United Nations human rights adviser urged this week. Several Democratic senators and at least one Republican, Senator John McCain of Arizona, who was tortured as a prisoner in North Vietnam, have said that a declassified version must be released, and Mr. Brennan said he would give the request “serious consideration.”He will have to decide whether to convene what the agency calls an accountability board to recommend punishment for current or former officials accused of mismanaging or misrepresenting the interrogation program. If he tries to keep the peace by dismissing the dispute as history and a distraction from the agency’s current challenges, he will face strong resistance from the Senate committee’s Democratic majority and Mr. McCain.But Emile A. Nakhleh, a former top C.I.A. analyst on political Islam who once worked for him, said Mr. Brennan’s work as Mr. Obama’s top counterterrorism adviser, intimate knowledge of the agency and blunt style equip him well to handle the task.“It will be challenging, but if there’s any person who can take this on, it’s Brennan,” Mr. Nakhleh said. “He may say some harsh things about the program, and some people won’t like it. But the institution will benefit.”In the month since Mr. Brennan’s public confirmation hearing, the interrogation issue has been largely overshadowed by disputes over the targeted killings of terrorism suspects that Mr. Brennan has overseen from the White House.On Wednesday, the day after the Senate committee approved Mr. Brennan’s nomination in a bipartisan 12-to-3 vote, Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky, joined by a handful of other senators, carried out a filibuster on the nomination, protesting the Obama administration’s refusal to rule out drone strikes on American soil in a national emergency. He ended the filibster Thursday morning, and approval of the nomination is expected soon.But as the public debate over torture in the movie “Zero Dark Thirty” has shown, the interrogation issue still casts a long shadow over the Central Intelligence Agency nearly a decade after the last waterboarding.Senator John D. Rockefeller IV, who as the Intelligence Committee’s senior Democrat battled to exercise oversight over the interrogation program in its early years, called the new report “the most in-depth and substantive oversight that the committee has undertaken in its entire history” and said it revealed “severe problems at the C.I.A.”Mr. Rockefeller, of West Virginia, said he had spoken with Mr. Brennan at length about the report’s findings. “I know that he’s as appalled by many of the facts in the report as I am,” he said. “John has the expertise, knowledge of the workings of the C.I.A., and the will to make sure that nothing similar ever happens again.”But Mr. Brennan has already been caught between opposing partisan currents. Senator Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, the committee’s Republican vice chairman, said at Mr. Brennan’s Feb. 7 confirmation hearing that the nominee had told him the report “was not objective” and called it “quote, ‘a prosecutor’s brief written with an eye toward finding problems.’ ”If the C.I.A. pronounces the report “wrong,” Mr. Chambliss said, he hoped Mr. Brennan would be willing to stand up for such a conclusion.For his part, Mr. Brennan said at his hearing that if the report’s 350-page executive summary was right, he had himself been misinformed about the program. That would be an extraordinary development, since he was deputy to the agency’s third-ranking official in 2002 and 2003, when the program was at its height. He has said that he had no role in running the program and that he expressed disapproval of the brutal methods privately to unidentified colleagues.“I don’t know what the facts are or the truth is. So I really need to look at that carefully and see what C.I.A.'s response is,” he said.“What I’m most interested in, is finding out what went wrong — if this report is, as stated, accurate, what went wrong in the system where there were systemic failures, where there was mismanagement or inaccurate information,” Mr. Brennan said. “I would need to get my arms around that, and that would be one of my highest priorities if I were to go to the agency.”AdvertisementSign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Senior officials say Biden apologized to Obama on WednesdayObama responded that Biden was speaking from the heart, they sayBiden's weekend remarks spurred Obama to announce his support for same-sex marriage
  Vice President Joe Biden has apologized to President Barack Obama for putting him in a tough position that led to Obama’s announcement that he now supports same-sex marriage, senior administration officials said Thursday.

  Obama said in an interview that aired Thursday on ABC that he made his decision public earlier than he had planned after Biden’s weekend remark that he was “absolutely comfortable” with letting gays and lesbians marry. 

  Two senior administration officials said Biden and Obama met Wednesday morning, and Biden apologized for putting Obama in a tough spot. Obama responded by saying that he knew Biden was speaking from the heart, said the officials, who didn’t want to be named discussing private conversations between the president and vice president.

  Biden’s remarks on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday launched a controversy that led to Obama announcing that his position on same-sex marriage, which he had previously called “evolving,” had shifted to support. When Obama’s full interview aired Thursday, he said his disclosure came sooner than planned as a result of Biden’s comments. 

  “I had already made a decision that we were going to probably take this position before the election and before the convention,” Obama said on ABC’s “Good Morning America.” Biden “probably got out a little bit over his skis, but out of generosity of spirit,” he said. 

  He added that he would have “preferred to have done this in my own way, on my own terms,” but “all’s well that ends well.”

  Separately, Biden spokeswoman Kendra Barkoff said Obama “has been the leader on this issue from day one, and the vice president never intended to distract from that.” 

  Once Biden’s comments drew attention to the issue, Obama made plans to announce his support next week on a previously scheduled appearance on the ABC talk show “The View,” a senior administration official said Thursday. The president and his advisers knew Obama would be asked about the issue in the wake of Biden’s NBC interview, said the official, who didn’t want to speak publicly about internal administration discussions.

  Ultimately, they decided to move up the timeline and have him announce his support during the ABC interview at the White House, the official said. And a top Democrat told CNN that Obama knew the issue would come up at the convention, partly because of a push for support for same-sex marriage to be included in the Democratic Party platform, and in debates. 

  Multiple top Democrats told CNN the president’s senior aides are annoyed with Biden for forcing the conversation on same-sex marriage now. One source said Biden has, in the past, counseled the president against coming out for same-sex marriage, making this move that much more frustrating. 

  But the sources said they don’t believe it will create a lasting rift between the two leaders. Biden is known to go off-script, something Obama knew when he selected his vice president. 

  In explaining to ABC how his position has evolved, Obama noted that his daughters Malia and Sasha have “friends whose parents are same-sex couples. It wouldn’t dawn on them that somehow their friends’ parents would be treated differently. And frankly that’s the kind of thing that prompts a change of perspective, not wanting to somehow explain to your child why somebody should be treated differently when it comes to the eyes of the law.”

  Asked about whether his new position is a calculated move in an election year, Obama said it would “be hard to argue that somehow this is something that I’d be doing for political advantage. Because frankly, you know, the politics – it’s not clear how they cut.”

  The interview aired the same day Obama attended a fundraiser in Los Angeles, where support for same-sex marriage is strong. Movie star George Clooney hosted the event, which is raking in $15 million, according to a top Democratic source. And on Monday, openly gay singer Ricky Martin is hosting a fundraising event for Obama in New York.

  But some in the African-American community have expressed strong disapproval of Obama’s endorsement of same-sex marriage. A Democratic official said the White House has been actively reaching out to African-American community leaders and pastors and will continue to do so in the wake of the president’s decision, but the official noted that even the president’s base won’t always agree with him on everything. “There are going to be issues you don’t agree on,” the official said. 

  And Obama told ABC he won’t spend much time talking about the issue, because he’s focused on the economy. The announcement puts Obama squarely at odds with presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who has since reiterated his opposition to same-sex marriage. “And I do not favor civil unions if they are identical to marriage other than by name,” Romney said during a Wednesday visit to Fort Lupton, Colorado. “My view is the domestic partnership benefits, hospital visitation rights and the like are appropriate, but that the others are not.”

  The issue is a divisive one in American politics, but it’s uncertain how the development might play out at the voting booth.

  A Gallup Poll released Tuesday indicated 50% of Americans believe same-sex marriages should be recognized by law as valid, with 48% saying such marriages should not be legal – a dramatic shift from a few years ago. A Gallup poll in 2009 found 40% supported same-sex marriage and 57% were opposed.

  But a CNN/ORC International poll, taken in late March, indicated policies toward gays and lesbians were tied for last in people’s opinions of the most-important issues facing the country.

  Obama said he supports states deciding the issue on their own, but added that he was “disappointed” by Tuesday’s vote on the issue in North Carolina, where a ban on same-sex marriage was added to the constitution. Obama called the amendment discriminatory against gays and lesbians, a spokesman said earlier Wednesday.

  Six states – Massachusetts, Connecticut, Iowa, Vermont, New Hampshire and New York – and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, while 31 states have voted in favor of constitutional amendments that seek to defend traditional definitions of marriage as a heterosexual union.

  In February, Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire signed a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage beginning in June, but opponents there have pledged to block the bill and called for voters to decide the issue. Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley signed into law a bill that permits the state’s same-sex couples to wed as of January 1, and state residents may vote to affirm such a law. 

  Minnesota will vote on a state constitutional amendment similar to the one in North Carolina, while Maine will have a referendum on allowing same-sex marriage. Meanwhile, two cases seeking to overturn laws forbidding the practice, one from California and another from Massachusetts, could be headed to the U.S. Supreme Court in coming months.

  CNN’s Josh Levs, Phil Gast, Bill Mears, Dan Gilgoff and Jim Acosta contributed to this report.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.US Secretary of State John Kerry has said that in some cases, US spying has gone too far. Mr Kerry is the most senior Obama administration official to have commented directly on an issue that has upset America's European allies.He said he will work with the president to prevent further inappropriate acts by the National Security Agency.His comments come as Asian countries have protested at claims that Australia was involved in a US-led spy network.China has demanded an explanation of the reports, while Indonesia has summoned the Australian ambassador to Jakarta.In other developments: In his comments, Mr Kerry also defended the need for increased surveillance, saying it had thwarted terrorist attacks."We have actually prevented airplanes from going down, buildings from being blown up, and people from being assassinated because we've been able to learn ahead of time of the plans," Mr Kerry told a conference in London via video link."I assure you, innocent people are not being abused in this process, but there's an effort to try to gather information. And yes, in some cases, it has reached too far inappropriately."And the president, our president, is determined to try to clarify and make clear for people, and is now doing a thorough review in order that nobody will have the sense of abuse... we are going to make sure that does not happen in the future." he said. Mr Kerry, in his remarks to a conference organised by the Open Government Partnership, said that while some surveillance may have been excessive, claims that up to 70 million were being monitored were an "exaggeration".Claims about the extent of US surveillance of targets such as European leaders have strained Washington's diplomatic relations with some of its key allies.Last week it was alleged that German Chancellor Angela Merkel's mobile phone had been tapped for up to 10 years. More recently there have been claims that the NSA hacked links connecting data centres operated by Google and Yahoo.According to the Sydney Morning Herald, Australia embassies in Asia had been used to spy on Asian countries such as China, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam."If confirmed, such action is not only a breach of security, but also a serious breach of diplomatic norms and ethics," Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa said.The report describes a signals intelligence programme called Stateroom which involves the interception of radio, telecommunications and internet traffic using equipment in US, British, Australian and Canadian diplomatic missions. Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade declined to comment on the latest reports. Prime Minister Tony Abbott said: "Every Australian governmental agency, every Australian official... operates in accordance with the law."The claims are the latest to emerge from documents leaked by ex-US intelligence contractor Edward Snowden, who has been granted temporary asylum in Russia and is wanted in the US in connection with the unauthorised disclosures.In Germany, a member of parliament has said Mr Snowden is willing to travel to Berlin to help investigate allegations about the tapping of Mrs Merkel's phone.Hans-Christian Stroebele, who represents the opposition Green party, said there would need to be safeguards against Mr Snowden, who he recently visited in Moscow, being deported to the United States. The BBC's Steve Evans, in Berlin, said Germany's Christian-Democrat-led government may be unwilling to invite Mr Snowden to the country, particularly as his presence would raise issues over extradition agreements with the United States.In the wake of the claims about surveillance of online data centres, six major technology companies have called for the US government to do more to control the NSA's activities.The six called for "appropriate oversight and accountability" in a letter sent to a US Senate committee sponsoring a bill designed to rein in the NSA.AOL, Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Yahoo signed the letter to the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, saying the greater control would help to rebuild trust in government surveillance programs.National Security AgencyOpen Government Partnership -Jordan: Prince Hamzah plotted against kingdomThe king's half-brother sought to mobilise tribal leaders against the government, the deputy PM says.France enters third lockdown as ICU numbers surgeState of emergency over Florida toxic water leak'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'Long lost pen pals reunited after 70 years. VideoLong lost pen pals reunited after 70 yearsStreet racing: They're fast, Atlanta's furious'I was blamed for blocking the Suez Canal'Pandemic peaks in Eastern Europe and ruins EasterThe deadly flight from Mozambique's jihadist attack'How lust saved me'Solving Singapore's food waste problem. VideoSolving Singapore's food waste problemPrincess Diana's legacy on stage and in filmFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'I was blamed for blocking the Suez Canal'1'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'2Jordan: Prince Hamzah plotted against kingdom3Amazon admits some drivers do urinate in bottles4State of emergency over Florida toxic water leak5Valencia leave pitch in racism protest6Dublin women charged for refusing hotel quarantine7France enters third lockdown as ICU numbers surge8Lorry boss apologises over Taiwan train crash9Pandemic peaks in Eastern Europe and ruins Easter10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsAt various points over the past two years, Internal Revenue Service officials singled out for scrutiny not only groups with “tea party” or “patriot” in their names but also nonprofit groups that criticized the government and sought to educate Americans about the U.S. Constitution, according to documents in an audit conducted by the agency’s inspector general.The documents, obtained by The Washington Post from a congressional aide with knowledge of the findings, show that the IRS field office in charge of evaluating applications for tax-exempt status decided to focus on groups making statements that “criticize how the country is being run” and those that were involved in educating Americans “on the Constitution and Bill of Rights.”The staffers in the Cincinnati field office were making high-level decisions on how to evaluate the groups because a decade ago the IRS assigned all applications to that unit. The IRS also eliminated an automatic after-the-fact review process Washington used to conduct such determinations. Marcus Owens, who oversaw tax-exempt groups at the IRS between 1990 and 1999, said that delegation “carries with it a risk” because the Cincinnati office “isn’t as plugged into what’s [politically] sensitive as Washington.”Owens, now with the firm Caplin & Drysdale, said that before the agency’s most recent reorganization, it had a series of “tripwires in place” that could catch unfair targeting, including the fact that the IRS identified its criteria for special scrutiny in a public manual. “There’s no longer that safety valve, and as a result, the IRS has been rolling the dice ever since,” said Owens, who worked at the agency for nearly a quarter-century and now represents some organizations seeking tax-exempt status.The IRS came under withering attack from GOP lawmakers Sunday. Sen. Susan Collins of Maine, a moderate Republican, described the practice as “absolutely chilling” and called on President Obama to condemn the effort.“This is truly outrageous,” she said on CNN’s “State of the Union,” adding that even though White House spokesman Jay Carney has said the matter deserves an investigation, “the president needs to make crystal clear that this is totally unacceptable in America.”In March 2012, then-IRS Commissioner Douglas H. Shulman, who was appointed by President George W. Bush, told Congress that the agency was not targeting conservative groups. On Sunday, the agency declined to answer questions about whether senior officials asked IRS exempt organizations division chief Lois G. Lerner and her staff in Cincinnati about this heightened scrutiny before testifying it did not take place.“There has to be accountability for the people who did it,” House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) said on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” adding: “And, quite frankly, up until a few days ago, there’s got to be accountability for people who were telling lies about it being done.”The appendix of the inspector general’s report — which was requested by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee and has yet to be publicly released — chronicles the extent to which the IRS’s exempt organizations division kept redefining what sort of “social welfare” groups it should single out for extra attention since the 2010 Supreme Court ruling Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission. That decision allowed corporations and labor unions to raise and spend unlimited sums on elections as well as register for tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(4) of the tax code, as long as their “primary purpose” was not targeting electoral candidates.The number of political groups applying for tax-exempt status more than doubled in the wake of the Citizens United ruling, forcing agency officials to make a slew of determinations despite uncertainty about the category’s ambiguous definition. Of the 298 groups selected for special scrutiny, according to the congressional aide, 72 had “tea party” in their title, 13 had “patriot” and 11 had “9/12.” Lerner, who apologized Friday for the targeting of such groups, described it as a misguided effort to deal with a flood of applications for tax-exempt status. She did not release the names of the groups.On June 29, 2011, according to the documents, IRS staffers held a briefing with Lerner in which they described giving special attention to instances where “statements in the case file criticize how the country is being run.” She raised an objection, and the agency adopted a more general set of standards. Lerner, who is a Democrat, is not a political appointee.But six months later, the IRS applied a new political test to social welfare groups, the document says. On Jan. 15, 2012, the agency decided to look at “political action type organizations involved in limiting/expanding Government, educating on the Constitution and Bill of Rights, social economic reform movement,” according to the appendix in the IG’s report.The agency did not appear to adopt a more neutral test for 501(c)(4) groups until May 17, 2012, according to the timeline in the report. At that point, the IRS again updated its criteria to focus on “organizations with indicators of significant amounts of political campaign intervention (raising questions as to exempt purpose and/or excess private benefit.)” Campaign reform groups have been pressing the IRS for several years to conduct greater oversight of nonprofits formed in the wake of the Citizens United case, given that many have become heavily involved in elections. “But this isn’t the type of enforcement we want,” said Paul Ryan, a senior counsel at the Campaign Legal Center. “We want nonpartisan, non-biased enforcement.” Loyola Law School professor Ellen Aprill, who specializes in tax law, said any groups that have applied for tax-exempt status has “opened themselves up to scrutiny” by the IRS. “It’s part of their job to look for organizations that may be more likely to have too much campaign intervention,” she said. “But it is important to try to make these criteria as politically neutral as possible.”Aprill said one of the problems is the agency’s top officials have not provided clear enough guidelines on what constitutes too much political activity for a social welfare group because it’s been “a hot potato,” and that now with this new controversy, “it’s going to make it even more difficult to do so.” Toby Marie Walker, president of the Waco Tea Party, said the IRS subjected her group to a series of unreasonable requests after it applied for tax-exempt status in June 2010. The requests came in early 2012, Walker said, after being initially informed by an official in the Cincinnati field office that he was “sitting on a stack of tea party applications and they were awaiting word from higher-ups as to how to process them.”The agency asked the group’s treasurer to supply information on its “close relationship” with current candidates and elected officials as well as future candidates, along with detailed information about its contributors and members. It also asked for transcripts of any radio interviews its officials had done and hard copies of any news articles mentioning them.“That would take me years to do,” Walker said, noting that in some cases, Chinese media outlets referred to her organization. “Am I responsible for every news article across the globe?”The group had even more difficulty providing transcripts and details of speakers at its events, since they hosted informal gatherings such as “rant contests” where anyone could come and express their views. While the IRS awarded the Waco Tea Party tax-exempt status about six weeks ago, Walker said the group was now considering suing the agency since the process not only consumed time and effort but prompted the group to scale back its 2012 get-out-the-vote operation. “We were afraid to do it and get in trouble,” she said.Sal Russo, chief strategist for the Tea Party Express, said that even though the agency’s actions intimidated tea party adherents, he gives the IRS “credit for standing up and admitting” it targeted them. And while only two of the agency’s officials — the commissioner and the chief counsel — are political appointees, Russo said the administration needs to conduct better oversight.“The culture is set at the top,” Russo said. “Obviously you can’t control what every employee does. But you have to set a standard, particularly with the IRS, to be squeaky clean.”  Josh Hicks and Julie Tate contributed to this report. Discuss this topic and other political issues in the politics discussion forums. SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.As Covid-19 vaccination rates rise, key data points suggest something is lurking in the American electorate that we haven’t seen for a while: positivity.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALInternal Revenue Service documents showing that the agency might have scrutinized politically liberal groups before it inappropriately targeted conservative ones intensified debate on Capitol Hill last week, leaving the agency and its watchdog scrambling to explain themselves. The result may be an already embattled IRS that faces even more criticism, and an inspector general risking a compromised reputation.J. Russell George’s May report about the IRS’s treatment of conservative groups led to public outrage, agency apologies, congressional hearings, a Justice Department probe and several dismissals, including the forced resignation of acting commissioner Steven Miller by the White House. But Democrats are now questioning the Treasury inspector general’s audit in light of the new IRS documents, which show that terms such as “progressive,” “health care legislation” and “medical marijuana” appeared on a multipart “Be on the Lookout” list, or BOLO, that helped agents determine which groups deserved additional screening. In a June 26 letter to the inspector general, Rep. Sander M. Levin (D-Mich.) said: “There is increasing evidence that the May 14, 2013 audit was fundamentally flawed and that your handling of it has failed to meet the necessary test of objectivity and forthrightness.”George’s spokeswoman, Karen Kraushaar, fueled that notion when she told the Hill newspaper that the office of House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) asked the inspector general to “narrowly focus on tea party organizations.”Issa’s office has denied it made such a request.Kraushaar has walked back her remarks, telling The Washington Post, “The statements attributed to me in The Hill are not accurate.” She did not say the article misquoted her.“Several members of Congress shared their concerns about tea party organizations” with the inspector general’s office, Kraushaar said in an e-mail. “However, the focus of our audit was on the IRS’s consistency in its identification and review of applications for tax-exempt status involving potential political advocacy issues.”George, appointed to his position in 2006 by President George W. Bush, said in a letter to Levin that his office “reviewed all cases that the IRS identified as potential political cases and did not limit our audit to allegations related to the Tea Party.” The inspector general testified before Congress last month that his office was unable to determine whether any cases in the audit involved progressive groups. He said the names “in many instances were neutral, in that you couldn’t necessarily attribute it to one particular affiliation or another.”Rep. Gerald E. Connolly (D-Va.), whose questioning prompted that response, said in a recent letter to George that his testimony was “at best incomplete, if not misleading.” He also suggested that George should appear again before the House Oversight Committee to “explain himself.”There is little doubt that the IRS erred in its review of tax-exemption applications. Acting IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel, whom President Obama appointed to lead the agency after Miller’s resignation, said in a conference call with reporters last week that the screening methods were inappropriate. But, Werfel added, his agency’s 30-day internal review had “not found evidence of intentional wrongdoing by anyone in the IRS or involvement in these matters by anyone outside the IRS.”The BOLO could still be problematic for the IRS. The list’s “emerging issues” category included only conservative-associated terms at the outset, raising questions about why the IRS prioritized conservative groups but not those from the political left. The term “progressive” appeared in a separate part of the BOLO, and questions remain about when and how that term was used, as well as whether those separate BOLO categories were even relevant to the audit. The IRS and George’s office have said they’re still looking into those matters. The BOLO also directed agents to flag tea party cases for further review while allowing processors to approve other types of groups “on merit if applicable.”George’s audit focused primarily on the “emerging issues” category as part of an effort to help identify groups involved in possible campaign intervention — something that can potentially disqualify an organization from tax-exempt status. George has said the IRS did not use progressive criteria to identify groups involved in campaign intervention. “We are reviewing whether these criteria led to expanded scrutiny for other reasons and why these criteria were implemented,” his office said in a statement last week. Republicans have downplayed the recent revelations about “progressive” search criteria.“Our Democratic colleagues should stop trying to derail the investigation by defending IRS officials with distorted claims equating the systematic scrutiny of Tea Party groups with the more routine screening progressive groups received,” Issa said.House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp (R-Mich.) said the IRS controversy goes beyond the issue of search terms to the inappropriate questions agents asked of conservative groups and alleged leaks of private taxpayer information. “At this point, the evidence shows us that conservative groups were not only flagged, but targeted and abused by the IRS,” said Camp spokeswoman Sarah Swinehart. “As we gather the facts, we will follow them wherever they lead us.” WASHINGTON (AP) — Struggling to salvage a massive surveillance program, President Barack Obama faced congressional critics of the National Security Agency's collection of Americans' telephone records Thursday as snowballing concerns made new limitations on the intelligence effort appear increasingly likely.Obama and Vice President Joe Biden joined lawmakers on both sides of the issue for an Oval Office meeting designed to stem the bleeding of public support and show Obama was serious about engaging. Among the participants were the NSA's most vigorous congressional supporters — the top Democrats and Republicans in the House and Senate intelligence panels — alongside its most stern critics, including Democratic Sens. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Mark Udall of Colorado.The lawmakers departed the rainy White House grounds without speaking to reporters. But in interviews later, they said there was a consensus that the surveillance efforts are suffering from perception problems that have undercut trust among the American people."There is openness to making changes," said Rep. C.A. "Dutch" Ruppersberger of Maryland, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, top Republican on the Senate's intelligence panel and a strong NSA defender, said Obama and the lawmakers didn't agree to take specific steps but brought up a number of proposals that will be fleshed out over the August congressional recess."A lot of ideas were thrown out," Chambliss told The Associated Press. "Nothing was concluded."Wyden, in an interview, said he and Udall had sought to convince Obama of the urgency of addressing rising concerns. He said he proposed strengthening the government's ability to get emergency authorization to collect an individual's phone records, so that pre-emptive collection of everyone's records would no longer be necessary."I felt that the president was open to ideas — and we're going to make sure he has some," Wyden said after returning to Capitol Hill.Wyden and two Senate colleagues also unveiled legislation Thursday to overhaul the secret federal court that oversees the programs, which critics decry as largely a rubber stamp. The senators aim to make the court created under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, more adversarial by creating a special advocate who could argue for privacy during closed-door proceedings and appeal decisions. A companion bill would diversify the court's bench by ending the chief justice's sole authority to pick its judges."These bills do not compromise national security, but they put a necessary opposing view in the FISA court and assure ideological diversity of judges," said Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M. Another of the bill's sponsors, Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., said the Obama administration was receptive to the ideas, although White House officials declined to comment.Debate over the line between counterterrorism and invasion of privacy has been heating up since former government contract systems analyst Edward Snowden leaked classified documents exposing the NSA's monumental capability to sweep up data about phone and Internet use, including programs that store years of phone records on virtually every American. Snowden's revelations have prompted a national rethinking over government surveillance powers that have grown since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.Russia decided on Thursday to grant temporary asylum to Snowden, who has been in a Moscow airport hotel for more than a month, despite America's insistence that the fugitive be sent home to face prosecution on espionage charges.In Washington, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., said he stressed to Obama the role Congress must play in ensuring that U.S. spying isn't infringing on Congress' intent or on civil liberties. He said his committee would further probe the issue, including in a classified hearing he's hoping to hold in September.Extending its efforts to defend the programs to the public, the White House pledged to help Americans understand as much as possible about how they work, even as it staunchly defended their efficacy in keeping a post-9/11 America safe."That process will continue," said White House spokesman Jay Carney. "But I don't think that we can sensibly say that programs designed to protect us from terrorist attack are not necessary in this day and age."The more information about the programs the government has released, the more it has fed even greater concerns about the scope of the surveillance and whether Obama's national security team has been truthful in describing it publicly in the past.After the administration on Wednesday declassified more documents about an email mining program, Wyden said they showed the government had "repeatedly made inaccurate statements to Congress" about the effectiveness in countering terrorism. And new details released about the phone records program created new fodder for critics by confirming for the first time that, when investigating one suspected terrorist, the government can also examine records of people who called people who called the targeted individual — netting millions of people's records in a single request.Meanwhile, the head of the NSA openly clashed with lawmakers including Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., over the agency's statements that telephone and email data collection helped foil 54 terror plots.Rising tensions have stoked concern at the White House that surveillance programs Obama considers crucial will soon be undermined or even dismantled — despite the fact that many Democrats and Republicans in Congress have come to the NSA's defense.Leahy, the Judiciary Committee chairman, has threatened to seek to end the phone records program if it's not proven effective. And Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., signaled Thursday that unless an agreement is reached on releasing more of the secret court's opinions, he would push Congress to use its "power of the purse" to compel their disclosure by withholding funding for certain programs.Even some staunch advocates for a tough national security stance have become outspoken critics, including Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., who helped write the USA Patriot Act but now says the phone records collection goes far beyond what he envisioned and may not be renewed. Sensenbrenner was among the lawmakers who shared concerns in the session Thursday with Obama and top officials, including Biden, National Security Advisory Susan Rice and White House counsel Kathryn Ruemmler.The White House also was spooked by a House vote last week to dismantle the program, which failed by a narrow 217-205 margin.___Associated Press writer Richard Lardner contributed to this report.___Follow Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAPA New Zealand television commentator who adopted a mock Asian accent during a post-game rugby interview on Friday is likely to keep his job despite an outpouring of public criticism.  Joe Wheeler, a former New Zealand Maori representative who commentates for the cable network Sky Sport, used the accent after the Super Rugby Aotearoa match between the Highlanders and Crusaders.  Speaking with Highlanders flyhalf Mitchell Hunt, Wheeler referenced the performance of Japan international flanker Kazuki Himeno who started a match for the Highlanders for the first time.Survivors and their family members recount what happened when Islamist militants targeted Palma.Egypt’s first female ship captain says she was subject to a fake news campaign blaming her for grounding the Ever Given container ship in the Suez Canal, despite at the time working on a ship that was hundreds of miles away. Marwa Elselehdar was working as a first mate in command of the Aida IV in Alexandria when the 220,000 ton Ever Given got stuck, blocking one of the world’s busiest shipping routes for six days. The 29-year-old is a celebrated feminist figure in Egypt. In 2015 she became both the youngest and the first female Egyptian captain to cross the newly-expanded Suez Canal. Two years later she was honoured by Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El-Sisi during women’s day celebrations. Her Instagram - a collection of motivational messages and her life on board - boasts over 30,000 followers. But when the Ever Given became an online sensation, a rumour mill was telling the world that she was to blame. "I felt that I might be targeted maybe because I'm a successful female in this field or because I'm Egyptian, but I'm not sure," she told the BBC.Online rumors and fake news headlines said Marwa Elselehdar was the captain of the Ever Given container ship blocking the Suez Canal.Alaska has largely restored the pre-pandemic amenities to which flyers were accustomed. But that also means the potential for more crowded planes.AstraZeneca has been kicked out of a production plant in Baltimore after a mix-up is thought to have contaminated 15 million doses of a coronavirus vaccine produced by Johnson & Johnson. The Oxford/AstraZeneca jab has yet to obtain approval from the US Food and Drug Administration, but production of the vaccine has started in anticipation of a green light. It was being produced by a sub-contractor at a plant operated by Emergent BioSolutions in Baltimore. The plant was also manufacturing Johnson & Johnson's vaccines and workers at the factory mistakenly mixed the ingredients. As a result 15 million doses of the vaccine produced by Johnson & Johnson, which has been given FDA approval, had to be destroyed. Johnson & Johnson will now assume full responsibility for the production of its vaccine at the plant. The pharmaceutical giant, which has promised to deliver 100 million doses of its single-shot vaccine to the US by the end of May, said it will deploy additional staff at the Baltimore plant.With no competing bloodlines or public rivalries, Jordan’s royal family have traditionally avoided the high-profile arrests, purges and coups seen in other monarchies in the Middle East. It is part of the regime's carefully-cultivated reputation as a Western-allied bastion of stability in a region often marked by chaos. But the house arrest of Prince Hamzah, and the detention of another junior member of the royal family and multiple other high-profile figures has dramatically pushed previously private rifts into the public eye. “Praying that truth and justice will prevail for all the innocent victims of this wicked slander. God bless and keep them safe,” tweeted Hamzah’s American born mother, Queen Noor, on Sunday morning. While the Jordanian government denied that Hamzah had been arrested, a video shared with the BBC by his lawyer showed the prince saying he is “not allowed to go out, to communicate with people or to meet with them, because in the meetings that I had been present in — or on social media relating to visits that I had made — there had been criticism of the government or the king.”A viral TikTok video shows a dispute with a passenger on a Southwest Airlines flight who refused to comply with COVID-19 safety protocols.Residents ordered to evacuate over fears for the pond in the Tampa Bay area, which stores 500 million gallons of water containing radium and uranium.The memorial included illustrations of George Floyd and Breonna Taylor, as well as locks with the names of other people killed by police.Parents are angry after a freshman class at Cedar Hill High School in Dallas had to watch the full video of George Floyd's death for the assignment.Each mummy was carried in a glass capsule with shock-absorbers so that the ancient royals didn't get damaged during the journey to a new museum.No COVID vaccine has been authorized for use for children under 16.PALMETTO — Gov. Ron DeSantis declared a state of emergency in Manatee County on Saturday as officials fear an “imminent” collapse at the old Piney Point phosphate plant could release a rush of polluted water into the surrounding area — and then into Tampa Bay itself. The situation grew more dire as crews attempted to shore up a breach in a wall around a 480-million gallon wastewater reservoir ...The party line is to blame “this generation” for being less faithful, or “the media” for corrupting hearts or “the government” for taking prayer out of school.An exclusive Observer Q&A with former NASCAR driver Michael Waltrip, touching on the response to “Blink of an Eye,” Bristol dirt racing, TV time, and what’s next.President Joe Biden directed his education secretary to explore his authority to cancel student debt by executive order.The contestants were greeted with not one, but two surprise guests!UCLA's roster for next season could look similar to this season's roster, which was a buzzer-beater shot short of reaching the national championship game.“The pimps got to the point with the nuns where they just left them alone,” said a sex-trafficking survivor. “Because nothing you say or do is going to run them away.”Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsWhen the trifecta of scandals first broke over the White House a few weeks ago, the media (who were literally blocking the truth from getting out about the IRS and Benghazi) were so caught off guard that for a couple of weeks they accidentally acted like real media and just reported the facts. Over Memorial Day weekend that all changed. It is fairly obvious that the media used the three-day weekend to gather themselves, talk to the White House, and coordinate talking points with one another. The result of this coordination has been apparent in the words “overreach,” “McCarthyism,” “disarray,” and “no GOP agenda” — all being uttered simultaneously across media platforms that are supposed to compete, not coordinate, with one another. The idea is for the media to revert to form. Rather than seek the truth, the media will go back to attacking those seeking the truth. Obama’s approval rating is going down, his left-wing agenda and legacy are in jeopardy, and the bleeding must be stopped. Another piece of coordination between media and Democrats reared its ugly head today in the most expected of places: Politico. No one takes more glee in savaging private citizens who dare not support Obama than Obama’s bullying thugs at Politico. During Tuesday’s testimony, Congressional Democrats attacked the private citizens brought before them to tell their individual horror stories. The witnesses were Tea Party groups and other conservative groups put through months of paralyzing harassment by an IRS that had intentionally singled them out based on their political beliefs. Democrats, however, did not care about the fact that these groups had been targeted, and they kept insinuating that these groups deserved the IRS scrutiny due to their political activity.  Well, that is not the point and everyone knows it. Had the IRS put the same number of left-leaning groups through the same hyper-scrutiny as they did right-leaning groups, none of this would be happening. There would be no scandal.But the idea here is to change the subject from the fact that the IRS singled out Obama’s political foes for paralyzing scrutiny in the run-up to Obama’s re-election campaign, to the supposed abuse of a tax exempt status by conservative political groups.  The thinking goes that if Democrats can make the Tea Party look like tax cheats it will take the heat off of Obama and further damage his opponents. Well, right on cue, Politico arrives this morning like the cavalry with an appallingly dishonest (but expected) piece of reporting that falls right in line with what Congressional Democrats did yesterday. It is as pure a piece of coordination and left-wing propaganda as you will ever read. And this is the only kind of investigative reporting Politico ever does. Imagine if Politico poured these same resources into investigating the IRS’s connections to the White House or the shaping of the IRS talking points by the State Department. But today’s Politico piece is all about changing the subject. All it looks at is the political activity of yesterday’s Tea Party witnesses in order to make a case that they deserved scrutiny from the IRS. The Politico piece, however, intentionally ignores the fact that this is not the point of the scandal. The point is that these groups were singled out for harassment by their own government. The Politico piece intentionally ignores and chooses not to report on all the political activity of tax-exempt left-leaning groups (like Obama’s Organizing for America) — groups approved by the IRS, that are every bit as political as those on the right who were paralyzed by lengthy and intrusive questionnaires and  threats of perjury-those who had their information leaked to the media. Working directly with the Democrats, Politico is now putting in overtime to desperately steer subject away from and distract from partisan horrors committed by the IRS. The actual crime is no longer the story, according to Politico. No, the story is that the victims had it coming.  Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC        MediaPoliticoWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartObama will face reporters on Thursday to answer questions about the IRS scandal that placed nearly 500 conservative organizations in the IRS’s crosshairs during the 2010 and 2012 elections. Beyond the classic question, “What did the Administration know and when did it know it?”, a myriad of questions remain unanswered.  Here are just a few:Whether reporters will ask and Obama will answer the critical questions that must be resolved remains to be seen.  PoliticsSheldon WhitehouseTom UdallWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL
                          This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
                          or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
                          Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
                       It seems you clicked on a bad link and stumbled upon our 404 pageThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.President Barack Obama has apologised to the California attorney general for remarking on her appearance at a fundraising event on Thursday.Mr Obama described Kamala Harris, a long-time friend, as "the best-looking attorney general in the country".Ms Harris's spokesman said she strongly supported Mr Obama but would not say whether she had accepted his apology.Critics have cited the remark as an example of the ongoing hurdles women face in the workplace.Speaking after Ms Harris at the fundraising event in California on Thursday, Mr Obama said she was "brilliant and she is dedicated and she is tough, and she is exactly what you'd want in anybody who is administering the law and making sure that everybody is getting a fair shake".Then he added: "She also happens to be by far the best-looking attorney general in the country... It's true. Come on. And she is a great friend and has just been a great supporter for many, many years." On Friday, the White House said the president had spoken to the attorney general to apologise for the "distraction" created by his comments."He did not want in any way to diminish the attorney general's professional accomplishments and her capabilities," press secretary Jay Carney said.He added that the president "fully recognises the challenge women continue to face in the workplace and that they should not be judged based on appearance".Writers and bloggers have commented that although the president is a personal friend of Ms Harris and a strong supporter of women's rights, his remarks were inappropriate.Jordan: Prince Hamzah plotted against kingdomThe king's half-brother sought to mobilise tribal leaders against the government, the deputy PM says.France enters third lockdown as ICU numbers surgeState of emergency over Florida toxic water leak'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'Long lost pen pals reunited after 70 years. VideoLong lost pen pals reunited after 70 yearsStreet racing: They're fast, Atlanta's furious'I was blamed for blocking the Suez Canal'Pandemic peaks in Eastern Europe and ruins EasterThe deadly flight from Mozambique's jihadist attack'How lust saved me'Solving Singapore's food waste problem. VideoSolving Singapore's food waste problemPrincess Diana's legacy on stage and in filmFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'I was blamed for blocking the Suez Canal'1'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'2Jordan: Prince Hamzah plotted against kingdom3Amazon admits some drivers do urinate in bottles4State of emergency over Florida toxic water leak5Valencia leave pitch in racism protest6Dublin women charged for refusing hotel quarantine7France enters third lockdown as ICU numbers surge8Lorry boss apologises over Taiwan train crash9Pandemic peaks in Eastern Europe and ruins Easter10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Before an adoring crowd of religious conservatives, Sarah Palin mocked recent scandals swirling around the Obama administration, performing her own version of a “Saturday Night Live” parody. “They have this skit where they do this fake newscast, and they read this completely absurd news report and finish it with an incredulous ‘Really?’ ” Palin told the audience Saturday afternoon at the JW Marriott in downtown Washington. “As in, our government spied on every single one of your phone calls but it couldn’t find two pot-smoking, deadbeat Bostonians with a hotline to Terrorist Central in Chechnya.“The IRS says it can’t figure out how it managed to spend more than $4 million on training conferences because it didn’t keep its receipts,” she said to uproarious laughter. “Really?”“We’re gathering in a town that is awash in scandal,” said Palin, the closing speaker at the annual meeting of the Faith and Freedom Coalition. “In other words, just another Saturday afternoon in Washington, D.C.”The Faith and Freedom Coalition, a 501(c)(4) organization, was founded in 2009 by Ralph Reed as a way to join together tea party activists and religious conservatives. The theme of the three-day conference was “Road to Majority” and featured a lineup of conservatives from Sen. Marco Rubio to Grover G. Norquist to Herman Cain. Palin criticized Obama’s leadership, including his foreign policy efforts, and argued that the United States should not intervene in Syria, but instead “let Allah sort it out.”“Where is our commander in chief?” she said. “We’re talking now more new interventions. I say until we know what we’re doing, until we have a commander in chief who knows what he’s doing, well, let these radical Islamic countries who aren’t even respecting basic human rights, where both sides are slaughtering each other as they scream over an arbitrary red line, ‘Allah Akbar,’ I say until we have someone who knows what they’re doing, I say let Allah sort it out.”The line drew laughter from the audience.Speaker after speaker offered strategies for conservatives to win control of Congress and the White House. Cain, the former chief executive of Godfather’s Pizza who cut short his bid for the GOP nomination after he was accused of sexual harassment and having an extramarital affair, said he had a formula for winning. “ETA,” said Cain, with the flair of a man who became known for his “9-9-9” tax plan. He said the phrase was shorthand for “enthusiasm, targeted races and activists.” Conservatives need to target races and cultivate fresh faces, he said. “We have got to stop sending nearly 90 percent of the people in D.C. back to D.C.,” said Cain, who has a radio talk show. “We should expand what we’ve already been doing. Create a groundswell of activists, and citizens and patriots.”Texas Gov. Rick Perry, another former Republican presidential candidate, told the conference that conservative activists have “a long way to go” to make an impact on national politics and advised them to shift their tone.“We stand for the principles that made America great,” Perry said. “We should exude those principals with joy. Smile when you disagree with a liberal. As Ronald Reagan said, liberals know so much that isn’t so. Our conservative convictions will win this country back if our tone shows we’re comfortable with our own ideals.” Among the speakers who brought attendees to their feet was E.W. Jackson, a Chesapeake minister who was a virtual political unknown until a month ago, when he clinched the GOP nomination for lieutenant governor of Virginia. Since then, liberals and some national GOP figures have bemoaned controversial Jackson comments, including his belief that Planned Parenthood has harmed black Americans more than the Ku Klux Klan and that gays and lesbians are “very sick people.”Jackson offered a fiery 10 minutes on how the left is assaulting religious freedom and trying to redefine liberty.“Freedom doesn’t mean ‘Do whatever you want.’ It’s the pursuit of character, integrity, decency, honor. Now we’re being told freedom is license,” he said.Palin, the 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate and former Alaska governor, had some harsh words for some GOP leaders who have blamed far right candidates for the party’s recent national losses.“To our Republican leadership, you don’t marginalize, discredit and dismiss everyday, hardworking Americans,” she said. She urged tea party activists to keep at it. “Start on a local level affecting change, as you work on the higher levels of politicos,” she said. “Or do both. Just do both.”Americans need to “rededicate” the country to “our one true heavenly Father,” said Palin, who is writing a book about faith and Christmas and returns to the airwaves Monday as part of the “Fox & Friends” program on Fox News. “If we rededicate our land to our Lord, things will turn around.”Staff writer Michelle Boorstein contributed to this report.President Barack Obama has commuted the sentences of eight Americans who would have had shorter prison terms under current drug sentencing laws.Each of the six men and two women had served more than 15 years in prison for charges related to crack cocaine.A 2010 law reduced the disparity in sentencing between crack and powdered cocaine offences.And in August, the administration dropped mandatory minimum sentences for non-violent drug offenders.Critics say that heavy drug sentences have hit minorities hardest.In a statement, Mr Obama said the 2010 law, the Fair Sentencing Act, had begun "to right a decades-old injustice, but for thousands of inmates, it came too late"."Instead, because of a disparity in the law that is now recognised as unjust, they remain in prison, separated from their families and their communities, at a cost of millions of taxpayer dollars each year."Some 47% of US prison inmates have been incarcerated for drug offences, according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons.Many of those with newly commuted sentences were young when they received lengthy prison terms. Six of those on the commutation list had been sentenced to life in prison.Most will be released in April. One man will go free immediately and another will be released in 2018.Among those ending their prison terms:Before this, Mr Obama had commuted only one sentence in the five years of his presidency, also involving another drug case, and had pardoned 39 people.On Thursday, the president also pardoned 13 others for various crimes. All had already served their full prison terms.A pardon forgives a crime and wipes out the conviction, while a commutation leaves the conviction but ends the punishment. In August, US Attorney General Eric Holder announced a major shift in federal sentencing policies, targeting long mandatory terms that he said have flooded the nation's prisons with low-level drug offenders and diverted crime-fighting dollars that could be far better spent. And a bill in Congress would apply the Fair Sentencing Act to some drug offenders already in prison, allowing potential clemency to a group of people estimated to be in the thousands by advocacy groups.US eyes criminal justice shake-upViewpoints: Prison reform in the USOffice of the Pardon AttorneyThe White HouseJordan: Prince Hamzah plotted against kingdomThe king's half-brother sought to mobilise tribal leaders against the government, the deputy PM says.France enters third lockdown as ICU numbers surgeState of emergency over Florida toxic water leak'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'Long lost pen pals reunited after 70 years. VideoLong lost pen pals reunited after 70 yearsStreet racing: They're fast, Atlanta's furious'I was blamed for blocking the Suez Canal'Pandemic peaks in Eastern Europe and ruins EasterThe deadly flight from Mozambique's jihadist attack'How lust saved me'Solving Singapore's food waste problem. VideoSolving Singapore's food waste problemPrincess Diana's legacy on stage and in filmFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'I was blamed for blocking the Suez Canal'1'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'2Jordan: Prince Hamzah plotted against kingdom3Amazon admits some drivers do urinate in bottles4State of emergency over Florida toxic water leak5Valencia leave pitch in racism protest6Dublin women charged for refusing hotel quarantine7France enters third lockdown as ICU numbers surge8Lorry boss apologises over Taiwan train crash9Pandemic peaks in Eastern Europe and ruins Easter10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.A group of ex-US drug enforcement chiefs say Washington must crack down on marijuana use in two states that recently voted to legalise the drug.Eight former Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) leaders urged the Obama administration to sue the states.In November, Colorado and Washington state voters legalised marijuana, which is still banned under federal law.Analysts say targeting recreational users is not a top enforcement priority for the US justice department.In a letter released to the news media, the former DEA chiefs say President Barack Obama's justice department must act swiftly to counteract the state laws. And they called on senators to ask Attorney General Eric Holder, an Obama appointee, why the federal government had not already taken action when he testifies in Congress on Wednesday.Under the US Constitution, federal law trumps state law, and the US is bound by international treaty to keep cannabis illegal, argue the former DEA chiefs, who worked under both Democratic and Republican presidents.In the two states where voters have legalised recreational cannabis use, "the process of writing regulations is underway and it will become harder to rescind the legislation," Peter Bensinger, who ran the DEA under Presidents Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan, told the BBC.He added the Obama administration should sue Colorado and Washington state as it recently had the state of Arizona over an immigration measure it deemed clashed with federal law.Mr Bensinger warned that full implementation of the legalisation laws would "cause havoc" in the communities, schools and roads of Colorado and Washington state."The highways would be littered with fatalities because you're going to have increased use and marijuana stays in the body much longer than alcohol," Mr Bensinger said.But Sanho Tree, a drug policy analyst who supports legalisation, said the former DEA chiefs' warnings were "scare tactics".Their letter is an attempt to goad the Obama administration into a show-down with the states in the Supreme Court, said Mr Tree, director of the drug policy project at the Institute for Policy Studies."Most of these drug policy statements are about turf, which is really about budgets," said Mr Tree. He said drug enforcement agencies were attempting to "maintain a monopoly on doctrine".He said the federal government must be realistic about changing attitudes towards the drug, and he said that in states with medical marijuana laws in place, critics' worst fears had not come to pass.Burning questions about legal marijuanaWeed-growing shop in US capitalSave Our Society From DrugsJordan: Prince Hamzah plotted against kingdomThe king's half-brother sought to mobilise tribal leaders against the government, the deputy PM says.France enters third lockdown as ICU numbers surgeState of emergency over Florida toxic water leak'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'Long lost pen pals reunited after 70 years. VideoLong lost pen pals reunited after 70 yearsStreet racing: They're fast, Atlanta's furious'I was blamed for blocking the Suez Canal'Pandemic peaks in Eastern Europe and ruins EasterThe deadly flight from Mozambique's jihadist attack'How lust saved me'Solving Singapore's food waste problem. VideoSolving Singapore's food waste problemPrincess Diana's legacy on stage and in filmFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'I was blamed for blocking the Suez Canal'1'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'2Jordan: Prince Hamzah plotted against kingdom3Amazon admits some drivers do urinate in bottles4State of emergency over Florida toxic water leak5Valencia leave pitch in racism protest6Dublin women charged for refusing hotel quarantine7France enters third lockdown as ICU numbers surge8Lorry boss apologises over Taiwan train crash9Pandemic peaks in Eastern Europe and ruins Easter10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.AdvertisementSupported byBy Charlie SavageWASHINGTON — President Obama, expanding his push to curtail severe penalties in drug cases, on Thursday commuted the sentences of eight federal inmates who were convicted of crack cocaine offenses. Each inmate has been imprisoned for at least 15 years, and six were sentenced to life in prison.It was the first time retroactive relief was provided to a group of inmates who would most likely have received significantly shorter terms if they had been sentenced under current drug laws, sentencing rules and charging policies. Most will be released in 120 days. The commutations opened a major new front in the administration’s efforts to curb soaring taxpayer spending on prisons and to help correct what it has portrayed as inequality in the justice system. In a statement, Mr. Obama said that each of the eight men and women had been sentenced under what is now recognized as an “unfair system,” including a 100-to-1 sentencing disparity between crack and powder cocaine offenses that was significantly reduced by the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010.“If they had been sentenced under the current law, many of them would have already served their time and paid their debt to society,” Mr. Obama said. “Instead, because of a disparity in the law that is now recognized as unjust, they remain in prison, separated from their families and their communities, at a cost of millions of taxpayer dollars each year.”The commutations have come during a pendulum swing away from tough mandatory minimum sentencing laws enacted a generation ago amid the crack epidemic. The policies fueled an 800 percent increase in the number of prisoners in the United States. They also carried a racial charge: Offenses involving crack, which was disproportionately prevalent in impoverished black communities, carried far more severe penalties than those for powder cocaine, favored by affluent white users.According to Families Against Mandatory Minimums, about 8,800 federal inmates are serving time for crack offenses committed before Congress reduced mandatory minimum sentences, going forward, in the 2010 law.The commutation recipients included Clarence Aaron of Mobile, Ala., who was sentenced to three life terms in prison for his role in a 1993 drug deal, when he was 22. Mr. Aaron’s case has been taken up by civil rights groups and congressional critics of severe sentencing for nonviolent drug offenses, and has received significant news media attention. Margaret Love, his lawyer, said she received a call informing her of the decision on Thursday morning and called her client, who along with his family was “very grateful.”“He was absolutely overcome,” Ms. Love said. “Actually, I was, too. He was in tears. This has been a long haul for him, 20 years. He just was speechless, and it’s very exciting.”Rights groups like the American Civil Liberties Union, which had profiled several of the recipients in a recent report on nonviolent offenders serving life sentences, greeted the announcement with praise and calls for additional efforts. Reaction among conservatives, who in states like Texas and South Carolina have been at the forefront of efforts to reduce the mass incarceration of nonviolent offenders, was muted. The top Republicans on the House and Senate Judiciary Committees declined to comment.The commutation recipients also included Reynolds Wintersmith, of Rockford, Ill., who was 17 in 1994 when he was sentenced to life in prison for dealing crack, and Stephanie George, of Pensacola, Fla., who received a life sentence in 1997, when she was 27, for hiding a boyfriend’s stash of crack in a box in her house. In both cases, the judges criticized the mandatory sentences they were required to impose, calling them unjust.In December 2012, The New York Times published an article about Ms. George’s case and the larger rethinking of the social and economic costs of long prison terms for nonviolent offenders. Mr. Obama mentioned the article in an interview with Time magazine that day and said he was considering asking officials about ways to do things “smarter.”Around that time, a senior White House official said, Mr. Obama directed Kathryn Ruemmler, his White House counsel, to ask the Justice Department to examine pending clemency petitions to assess whether there were any in which current inmates serving long sentences would have benefited from subsequent changes to sentencing laws and policy.The deputy attorney general, James M. Cole, who oversees the pardon office, worked on the policy shift and ultimately returned the eight cases with positive recommendations from the department, the official said.In 2010, there was bipartisan support in Congress for reducing the disparity in sentences between crack and powder cocaine, against a backdrop of crime rates that have plunged to the lowest levels in four decades. And in August, Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. instructed prosecutors to omit listing any quantities of illicit substances in indictments for low-level drug offenses in order to avoid triggering mandatory minimum sentences. But those moves have left unanswered what, if anything, to do about federal inmates serving lengthy sentences for crack offenses committed before the Fair Sentencing Act.A bill co-sponsored by Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, and Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, would make the Fair Sentencing Act retroactive for some offenders, allowing inmates to apply to a judge for a review of whether a reduced sentence would be appropriate. The Obama administration supports that bill, the White House said on Thursday, as an orderly way to ensure case-by-case analysis in addressing the broader problem. “In the new year, lawmakers should act on the kinds of bipartisan sentencing reform measures already working their way through Congress,” Mr. Obama said. “Together, we must ensure that our taxpayer dollars are spent wisely, and that our justice system keeps its basic promise of equal treatment for all.”Mr. Obama, who has made relatively little use of his constitutional clemency powers to forgive offenses or reduce sentences, also pardoned 13 people who completed their sentences long ago. Those cases involved mostly minor offenses, in line with his previous pardons.AdvertisementPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.“Before I get to the bill, I’d like to ask that all of us not jump to conclusions regarding the events in Boston or try to conflate those events with this legislation,” Schumer said.But, after Schumer made that plea, he commented on immigration reform, including the specific Gang of 8 bill, in the context of the Boston terror attacks.“In general, we are a safer country when law enforcement knows who is here, has their fingerprints, photos, et cetera, background checks,” Schumer said.“In addition, both the refugee program and asylum program have been strengthened in the past five years such that we are much more careful about screening people in terms of who should and should not be coming into the country,” Schumer added. “If there are any changes that our homeland security experts tell us need to be made, I’m committed to making them.”Schumer’s comments came after the committee’s Ranking GOP Member Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) mentioned the Boston bombing earlier in the hearing. Schumer’s chastisement of his colleagues about mentioning the Boston attack appeared to be a response to Grassley.“We also appreciate the opportunity to talk about immigration, particularly in light of all that’s happening in Massachusetts right now and over the last week,” Grassley said to open the hearing. “We are here trying to understand why these events have occurred. It’s hard to understand that there are people in this world that want to do Americans harm, so this hearing is an opportunity to refocus on the issues at hand and the importance of remaining vigilant and secure in our homeland.”PoliticsChuck SchumerHomeland SecuritySenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.This post has been updated.Congress is poised to close the door on the possibility of a federal employee pay raise for the remainder of this calendar year while leaving in place spending cuts that threaten many workers with unpaid furloughs.The Senate could finish work Tuesday on a bill that wraps up the budget for the current fiscal year and which denies a 0.5 percent raise that otherwise would have taken effect next month. The House  had passed a separate version also keeping federal salary rates frozen through the calendar year.Leaders hope to finalize work by the end of the week on the bill, which is needed to keep the government operating past the March 27 expiration of a stopgap law that has been funding the government since last October. The House may accept the Senate bill rather than go into a conference to resolve the differences.Federal salary rates have not been increased since January 2010, although if eligible, employees may continue to receive raises for performance, on promotion, or on successfully completing a waiting period in grade-and-step-type pay systems. The extension of the freeze also would apply to members of Congress and top political appointees.Both versions of the “continuing resolution” leave in place the sequestration cuts that took effect March 1 and that have threatened furloughs in many agencies. Each would allow certain new flexibilities in how agencies can achieve the required savings, the Senate bill to a greater extent than the House bill. However, those changes likely won’t lift the threat of furloughs.Announced plans vary widely, with some agencies saying they won’t need to require employees to take unpaid days off, while others have projected furloughs ranging from several days to 22 days. Where furloughs are planned, timing also differs. Several agencies, including the largest, the Defense Department, expect to start the week of April 21, while some don’t expect to begin until later.Also  Tuesday, the House is taking up a budget plan for the upcoming fiscal year which would require federal employees to increase their contributions toward their retirement benefits by about 5.5 percentage points. The bill also would seek a cut in the workforce of 10 percent by attrition over two years.Many federal agencies already have imposed general hiring freezes due to sequestration.The House expects to vote  Wednesday on several alternative budgets, including one sponsored by the ranking Democrat on the House Budget Committee, Rep. Chris Van Hollen (Md.). That plan would not require higher retirement contributions or a workforce cut, while proposing to replace sequestration with spending cuts in defense and certain domestic programs, reductions in agriculture subsidies and reduced tax breaks for the wealthy.However, an alternative from the Republican Study Group, a caucus of House conservatives,  would raise employee retirement contributions and calls for limiting the “size and scope of government” — although it does not specify a workforce reduction goal. It also would change the health insurance premium sharing formula to a voucher system, base retiree inflation adjustments on a less generous measure, and end the practice of “official time,” in which federal employees who serve as union officials can conduct certain union business during working hours.After finishing its work on the temporary funding bill, the Senate is set to turn to its counterpart budget resolution that does not seek a reduction in the federal workforce nor an increase in retirement contributions. One provision of special interest to federal workers, added in committee voting by Sen. Mark R. Warner (D-Va.), would allow shifting of funds within the Office of Personnel Management to support efforts to reduce the backlog of federal retirement applications pending there.The Senate version also would seek to replace sequestration in ways similar to those proposed in the House Democratic alternative.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyIf you didn't know, Yetta Kurland is the phenomenal activist-candidate poised to make history in this year's New York City elections. Running in the same district that mayoral hopeful Christine Quinn is from, Kurland is essentially the anti-Quinn: a proud lesbian who isn't in the pockets of the real estate industry and who hasn't been anointed by 1 percenter Mike Bloomberg to carry on his legacy.Here's her latest video, which dropped today:
My connection to her comes from the darkest days of Occupy Wall Street, when activists were being arrested and brutalized, the city was engaged in illegal shenanigans to harass folks at Zuccotti Park, and even Netroots New York was nearly cancelled because of our association with occupiers. As a leader in the National Lawyers Guild, Kurland was tireless in defending the civil and political rights of New Yorkers and earned a respect in all the circles she traveled in - labor, lgbt, civil rights, healthcare, neighborhood activists, and the legal community.Two communities she failed to impress include real estate and Wall St. So no one was surprised with Corey Johnson, a hollow candidate if there ever was one, entered the race with Christine Quinn's blessing. Reading his resume you might be impressed with his public track record of activism. One thing stands out though: no mention of how he earns a living.It's easy to understand why. As CityCouncilWatch.net reports"Exotic credit derivatives, for those among us with short memories, are those quaint financial instruments that enable banks to make massive bets on the failure of loans, without having to actually own any of the underlying debt.  Credit derivatives caused a minor kerfuffle in the markets in late 2008.  GFI Group “handled as much as 40 percent of the credit-derivatives trades between the world's banks in 2007,” according to Bloomberg.Well, Corey Johnson had nothing to do with any of that, of course…he worked for the real estate development arm of GFI.   And real estate development firms are wholesome, salubrious entities.  Which must be why after I asked Johnson’s campaign manger about his work there, his speaker bio at the Gay Center website was scrubbed.  (Compare here and here.)  And his LinkedIn profile was closed.  Visit Yetta Kurland for Council.Full disclosure: I don't live in Kurland's district but I love her. She got me out of jail when I was arrested for operating the Illuminator. She shows up at political events across the city and across issues. And she's a warm, authentic human being who puts the professional political class to shame.In the public relations push for his takeover of the American health care system, President Obama promised that those who like their insurance could keep it, premiums would decrease, and no one would lose their doctor. We know now those were all lies told repeatedly and never questioned by a media that is still looking the other way. Another promise Obama made was that ObamaCare would not fund abortions. LifeNews reports that this was also a lie:The ObamaCare statute specifically requires the issuers of Exchange plans that cover abortion to “collect from each enrollee in the plan” a “separate payment” for the type of abortions for which funding is prohibited under the Hyde Amendment (which is all abortions other than in cases of life of the mother, rape, or incest) and a separate payment for all other services. [42 U.S.C. 18023(b)]. These separate payments are then to be deposited into separate accounts.During the regulatory process, commenters questioned HHS on how this was to be implemented, and according to HHS, the commenters “recommended that HHS clarify . . . whether [Exchange plan] issuers may satisfy the separate payment provision by providing each enrollee with an itemized bill, and whether an enrollee’s coverage would be terminated for failure to comply with the separate payment provision.” Rather than doing so, HHS merely said that the comments would be taken into consideration in any future guidance. [77 Fed. Reg. 18430 (March 27, 2012)].Now, despite the clear language of the ObamaCare statute, it appears that the separate check requirement is not going to be enforced by the Obama Administration. Gretchen Borchelt, director of state reproductive health policy at the National Women’s Law Center, told the Huffington Post that “we used to talk about it as being two checks that the consumer would have to write because of the segregation requirements, but that’s not the way it’s being implemented.” (Huffington Post, Sept. 3, 2013).Likewise, a spokeswoman for Rhode Island’s Exchange told PolitiFact Rhode Island that “the customer is not billed a separate fee.” (Politifact, Oct. 2, 2013. The Rhode Island Exchange will handle the billing, not the plan issuers). As PolitiFact notes, “it turns out to be a hidden fee.”There is nothing the media is willing to make Obama pay a political price for. Not even repeatedly lying to millions who are about to lose their insurance or forcing people to violate their conscience over the abomination of abortion.   Follow  John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                PoliticsHuffington Post.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Basil Smikle Jr. and Dee Dee Benkie on issue Republicans are raising in immigration debateRepublican Sen. Jeff Sessions is accusing the Obama administration of failing to enforce a century-old law meant to prevent immigrants from taking root in the U.S. only to live on the government dole -- after the administration reported it did not cite anyone for this last year."Virtually no one one is being examined before they enter the country on whether or not they'll ... immediately begin to depend on government welfare," Sessions, R-Ala., top Republican on the Senate Budget Committee, told Fox News.As Congress weighs new immigration legislation, Sessions said any reform package "has got to end that."Sessions turned up new statistics from the Department of Homeland Security last week showing what he describes as a startling trend. DHS reported how relatively few immigrants are being turned away on the grounds that they are likely to become a "public charge" -- or individuals who depend on welfare programs -- despite a 100-year-old law that's supposed to prevent this.The department, blaming "data entry quality," said it did not have complete information on how many immigrants became public charges. But the department did a case-by-case review for the bulk of fiscal 2012, and found just one where that claim was leveled at an immigrant. "However, the charge was later withdrawn," DHS reported.Further, the department reported that just a tiny fraction of people are rejected on these grounds when seeking entry under a program that allows admission for 90 days for travelers from certain countries. Between fiscal 2005 and most of fiscal 2012, a total of 9,796 were denied -- a fraction of a percent of those admitted. State Department figures for visa applications showed a similar trend, with just .068 percent of visa applications denied on those grounds in fiscal 2011.Sessions has been hammering this issue for months. He and other Republican senators earlier wrote to the departments of Homeland Security and State arguing that a bedrock principle of immigration law is that "those who seek citizenship in this country ought to be financially self-sufficient."The senator suggests the immigration system has produced a lopsided result in which high-skill immigrants are turned away while those who end up absorbing more taxpayer dollars than they contribute stay.Recent studies show welfare spending on immigrant-headed households is relatively high. A Center for Immigration Studies report found that 36 percent of these households were using "at least one major welfare program" in 2010 -- compared with 23 percent of other households.Sessions' office says the number of non-citizens on food stamps has skyrocketed in recent years. And the conservative Heritage Foundation claims low-skill immigrant households take in roughly $20,000 more in government benefits every year than they pay in taxes.Sessions suggests the government is fueling this trend. He earlier made a stink over long-running U.S. Department of Agriculture radio "novelas" that depicted people being pressured into going on food stamps. The ads were later discontinued. The senator also is drawing attention to the WelcomeToUSA.gov site that provides information on a host of taxpayer assistance programs for immigrants, including Medicare, food stamps, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families and others.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.1) Revisions. In truth, the most important parts of any jobs report are the revisions to the past two jobs reports. That's because the initial estimate of how many jobs we added or lost in any given month is typically off by about 100,000 jobs. That's how you get situations like August 2011, when the jobs report said we created no jobs but we later learned we'd created more than 100,000.Revisions are where we get that better information. They're the most accurate part of the unemployment numbers. And in this latest jobs report, they're a huge disappointment: "The change in total nonfarm payroll employment for June was revised from +188,000 to +172,000, and the change for July was revised from +162,000 to +104,000." That means we added 74,000 fewer jobs than we thought in June and July.2) The unemployment rate dropped for the worst reason. Unemployment dropped to 7.3 percent in August. Huzzah? Sorry, but no.There are two reasons the unemployment rate dropped. One is that people get jobs. Huzzah! The other is that people stop looking for jobs, and so they're no longer counted as technically unemployed. That's what happened here. The number show 312,000 people dropping out of the labor force. That'll be revised, but if the truth is anywhere close, it's horrible.3) Job creation was terrible. I know I said initial jobs reports are often misleading. And August jobs reports in particular have tended to see sharp upward revisions in recent years. But still, this report was a bummer: 169,000 jobs added. Plug that into the Hamilton Project's handy-dandy jobs gap calculator, and you'll find that this hiring pace will close the jobs gap sometime in 2023:5) Our political system has given up. Forget doing something to actually help the economy. Congress is letting the sequestration crunch jobs, and Republicans are considering shutting down the government and breaching the debt ceiling. Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve has been talking loudly about the need for its "taper," which is Fed-speak for removing its stimulus support from the economy.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy