The following irresponsible police action reported by KHOU’s Rucks Russell should scare many. Here is the story as reported.A young 13 year old dancer, Landry Thompson, came to Houston from Oklahoma. She travelled with her two dance instructors over the weekend. The intent of their visit was to train all weekend with some of the best in dance industry.When they left the studio Saturday night they stopped at a gas station very exhausted as they searched for their lodging. They were trying to locate their hotel on the GPS. Out of nowhere they were surrounded by the Houston police.The Houston police dragged them out of the car and handcuffed them all.“I was kind of freaked out and surprised by it,” said Landry Thompson.“They just pulled us out of the car. Put our hands behind out backs like we were criminals,” said Landry’s dance instructor Emmanuel Hurd. “He asked me; who is the girl? She is my student. I said I have a notarized letter from her parents stating that I have full guardianship over her while we are here.”Landry Thompson and the instructors said they pleaded with the police and told the police their story repeatedly. It did not matter to the Houston police. Landry Thompson said, “They still put handcuffs on me. And it really scared me. And they put me in the back of the cop car. I was terrified.” Landry Thompson was taken to Protective Services.“I was horrified. She was with the people I wanted her to be with. She was with people who were safe who I knew would take care of her,” said Her mother, Destiny Thompson. “Yet they had taken her away from those people and now she was in a shelter, wherever she was with people I didn’t know.”Protective Services told Destiny Thompson that she would have to fly to Houston to get her daughter. After many phone calls with various officials, Landry Thompson was released back into the custody of her dance instructors.“I would love an apology,” said Landry Thompson’s mother. “They owe her an apology.”Soon after, the trio was back at the dance studio. They intend to leave Houston on Monday afternoon.The Houston police (HPD) has not been responding to inquiries as to what happened.Why did the Houston police believe they had to react as they did? Does it have anything to do with the young dancer being a young white girl and the two dance instructors being young black males? If the two instructors were white males would the police officers have reacted in the same manner? The dance instructors had notarized document detailing that they were the young girl’s guardian. What else were they expected to do to ensure they would not be treated like common criminals but the productive human beings they are?
LIKE My Facebook Page – Visit My Blog:EgbertoWillies.com
Follow @EgbertoWilliesAdvertisementSupported byBy Scott ShaneWASHINGTON — John O. Brennan’s first difficult challenge at the C.I.A. may not be confronting the agency’s future, but its past.Mr. Brennan, whose nomination is expected to be eventually approved by the Senate, will take charge at the agency where he worked for 25 years just as it faces a sweeping indictment of its now-defunct interrogation program — a blistering, 6,000-page Senate study that includes incendiary accusations that agency officials for years systematically misled the White House, the Justice Department and Congress about the so-called enhanced interrogation techniques like waterboarding that were used on Qaeda prisoners.By the account of people briefed on the report, it concludes that the program was ill-conceived, sloppily managed and far less useful in obtaining intelligence than its supporters have claimed.“It’s a potential minefield for John Brennan,” said Mark M. Lowenthal, a former assistant C.I.A. director and former House Intelligence Committee staff director.The still-classified report by the Senate Intelligence Committee will place Mr. Brennan squarely in the cross-fire between Democratic critics of what they call a morally and practically disastrous experiment in torture, and some Republican defenders who say the report is biased and fault President Obama for banning coercive interrogations. And it could place Mr. Brennan in a difficult position inside the agency’s headquarters in suburban Virginia.If he endorses the Senate report, he will be criticizing the many C.I.A. officers who worked on the program and challenging the stance of former directors, notably George J. Tenet, who oversaw the brutal interrogations, and Michael V. Hayden, who has fervently defended them.“The career work force will be watching,” said John A. Rizzo, a top agency lawyer for 30 years before retiring in 2009. “Hundreds who were part of the seven-year E.I.T. program — and who still believe it was the right and essential thing to do — are still there,” he added, referring to enhanced interrogation techniques.The report, according to statements from some senators and descriptions from others who have reviewed it, documents in exhaustive detail how C.I.A. officials and consultants who ran the program gave top Bush administration officials, members of Congress, the American public and even their own colleagues — possibly including Mr. Brennan himself — a deeply distorted account of its nature and efficacy. After a bipartisan start in 2009, Republican staff members refused to participate in the writing of the report, making the four-year effort largely the work of Democratic committee staff members.The agency missed a Feb. 15 deadline to complete a review of the report, which has 35,000 footnotes referring to 6 million documents from C.I.A. files. It now appears likely that the response, offering the committee any factual corrections or broader judgments, will be delayed until Mr. Brennan’s arrival.Because Mr. Obama famously said he preferred to look forward, not back at his predecessor’s counterterrorism programs, the Senate report is by far the most thorough examination of how the United States came to use nudity, cold, sleep deprivation, stress positions, wall-slamming and waterboarding, methods it had long condemned as abuse or torture.Mr. Brennan will have to decide whether to support making a redacted version of the interrogation report public, as the committee is likely to support after the C.I.A. completes its review and as a United Nations human rights adviser urged this week. Several Democratic senators and at least one Republican, Senator John McCain of Arizona, who was tortured as a prisoner in North Vietnam, have said that a declassified version must be released, and Mr. Brennan said he would give the request “serious consideration.”He will have to decide whether to convene what the agency calls an accountability board to recommend punishment for current or former officials accused of mismanaging or misrepresenting the interrogation program. If he tries to keep the peace by dismissing the dispute as history and a distraction from the agency’s current challenges, he will face strong resistance from the Senate committee’s Democratic majority and Mr. McCain.But Emile A. Nakhleh, a former top C.I.A. analyst on political Islam who once worked for him, said Mr. Brennan’s work as Mr. Obama’s top counterterrorism adviser, intimate knowledge of the agency and blunt style equip him well to handle the task.“It will be challenging, but if there’s any person who can take this on, it’s Brennan,” Mr. Nakhleh said. “He may say some harsh things about the program, and some people won’t like it. But the institution will benefit.”In the month since Mr. Brennan’s public confirmation hearing, the interrogation issue has been largely overshadowed by disputes over the targeted killings of terrorism suspects that Mr. Brennan has overseen from the White House.On Wednesday, the day after the Senate committee approved Mr. Brennan’s nomination in a bipartisan 12-to-3 vote, Senator Rand Paul, Republican of Kentucky, joined by a handful of other senators, carried out a filibuster on the nomination, protesting the Obama administration’s refusal to rule out drone strikes on American soil in a national emergency. He ended the filibster Thursday morning, and approval of the nomination is expected soon.But as the public debate over torture in the movie “Zero Dark Thirty” has shown, the interrogation issue still casts a long shadow over the Central Intelligence Agency nearly a decade after the last waterboarding.Senator John D. Rockefeller IV, who as the Intelligence Committee’s senior Democrat battled to exercise oversight over the interrogation program in its early years, called the new report “the most in-depth and substantive oversight that the committee has undertaken in its entire history” and said it revealed “severe problems at the C.I.A.”Mr. Rockefeller, of West Virginia, said he had spoken with Mr. Brennan at length about the report’s findings. “I know that he’s as appalled by many of the facts in the report as I am,” he said. “John has the expertise, knowledge of the workings of the C.I.A., and the will to make sure that nothing similar ever happens again.”But Mr. Brennan has already been caught between opposing partisan currents. Senator Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, the committee’s Republican vice chairman, said at Mr. Brennan’s Feb. 7 confirmation hearing that the nominee had told him the report “was not objective” and called it “quote, ‘a prosecutor’s brief written with an eye toward finding problems.’ ”If the C.I.A. pronounces the report “wrong,” Mr. Chambliss said, he hoped Mr. Brennan would be willing to stand up for such a conclusion.For his part, Mr. Brennan said at his hearing that if the report’s 350-page executive summary was right, he had himself been misinformed about the program. That would be an extraordinary development, since he was deputy to the agency’s third-ranking official in 2002 and 2003, when the program was at its height. He has said that he had no role in running the program and that he expressed disapproval of the brutal methods privately to unidentified colleagues.“I don’t know what the facts are or the truth is. So I really need to look at that carefully and see what C.I.A.'s response is,” he said.“What I’m most interested in, is finding out what went wrong — if this report is, as stated, accurate, what went wrong in the system where there were systemic failures, where there was mismanagement or inaccurate information,” Mr. Brennan said. “I would need to get my arms around that, and that would be one of my highest priorities if I were to go to the agency.”AdvertisementSign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Senior officials say Biden apologized to Obama on WednesdayObama responded that Biden was speaking from the heart, they sayBiden's weekend remarks spurred Obama to announce his support for same-sex marriage
  Vice President Joe Biden has apologized to President Barack Obama for putting him in a tough position that led to Obama’s announcement that he now supports same-sex marriage, senior administration officials said Thursday.

  Obama said in an interview that aired Thursday on ABC that he made his decision public earlier than he had planned after Biden’s weekend remark that he was “absolutely comfortable” with letting gays and lesbians marry. 

  Two senior administration officials said Biden and Obama met Wednesday morning, and Biden apologized for putting Obama in a tough spot. Obama responded by saying that he knew Biden was speaking from the heart, said the officials, who didn’t want to be named discussing private conversations between the president and vice president.

  Biden’s remarks on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday launched a controversy that led to Obama announcing that his position on same-sex marriage, which he had previously called “evolving,” had shifted to support. When Obama’s full interview aired Thursday, he said his disclosure came sooner than planned as a result of Biden’s comments. 

  “I had already made a decision that we were going to probably take this position before the election and before the convention,” Obama said on ABC’s “Good Morning America.” Biden “probably got out a little bit over his skis, but out of generosity of spirit,” he said. 

  He added that he would have “preferred to have done this in my own way, on my own terms,” but “all’s well that ends well.”

  Separately, Biden spokeswoman Kendra Barkoff said Obama “has been the leader on this issue from day one, and the vice president never intended to distract from that.” 

  Once Biden’s comments drew attention to the issue, Obama made plans to announce his support next week on a previously scheduled appearance on the ABC talk show “The View,” a senior administration official said Thursday. The president and his advisers knew Obama would be asked about the issue in the wake of Biden’s NBC interview, said the official, who didn’t want to speak publicly about internal administration discussions.

  Ultimately, they decided to move up the timeline and have him announce his support during the ABC interview at the White House, the official said. And a top Democrat told CNN that Obama knew the issue would come up at the convention, partly because of a push for support for same-sex marriage to be included in the Democratic Party platform, and in debates. 

  Multiple top Democrats told CNN the president’s senior aides are annoyed with Biden for forcing the conversation on same-sex marriage now. One source said Biden has, in the past, counseled the president against coming out for same-sex marriage, making this move that much more frustrating. 

  But the sources said they don’t believe it will create a lasting rift between the two leaders. Biden is known to go off-script, something Obama knew when he selected his vice president. 

  In explaining to ABC how his position has evolved, Obama noted that his daughters Malia and Sasha have “friends whose parents are same-sex couples. It wouldn’t dawn on them that somehow their friends’ parents would be treated differently. And frankly that’s the kind of thing that prompts a change of perspective, not wanting to somehow explain to your child why somebody should be treated differently when it comes to the eyes of the law.”

  Asked about whether his new position is a calculated move in an election year, Obama said it would “be hard to argue that somehow this is something that I’d be doing for political advantage. Because frankly, you know, the politics – it’s not clear how they cut.”

  The interview aired the same day Obama attended a fundraiser in Los Angeles, where support for same-sex marriage is strong. Movie star George Clooney hosted the event, which is raking in $15 million, according to a top Democratic source. And on Monday, openly gay singer Ricky Martin is hosting a fundraising event for Obama in New York.

  But some in the African-American community have expressed strong disapproval of Obama’s endorsement of same-sex marriage. A Democratic official said the White House has been actively reaching out to African-American community leaders and pastors and will continue to do so in the wake of the president’s decision, but the official noted that even the president’s base won’t always agree with him on everything. “There are going to be issues you don’t agree on,” the official said. 

  And Obama told ABC he won’t spend much time talking about the issue, because he’s focused on the economy. The announcement puts Obama squarely at odds with presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who has since reiterated his opposition to same-sex marriage. “And I do not favor civil unions if they are identical to marriage other than by name,” Romney said during a Wednesday visit to Fort Lupton, Colorado. “My view is the domestic partnership benefits, hospital visitation rights and the like are appropriate, but that the others are not.”

  The issue is a divisive one in American politics, but it’s uncertain how the development might play out at the voting booth.

  A Gallup Poll released Tuesday indicated 50% of Americans believe same-sex marriages should be recognized by law as valid, with 48% saying such marriages should not be legal – a dramatic shift from a few years ago. A Gallup poll in 2009 found 40% supported same-sex marriage and 57% were opposed.

  But a CNN/ORC International poll, taken in late March, indicated policies toward gays and lesbians were tied for last in people’s opinions of the most-important issues facing the country.

  Obama said he supports states deciding the issue on their own, but added that he was “disappointed” by Tuesday’s vote on the issue in North Carolina, where a ban on same-sex marriage was added to the constitution. Obama called the amendment discriminatory against gays and lesbians, a spokesman said earlier Wednesday.

  Six states – Massachusetts, Connecticut, Iowa, Vermont, New Hampshire and New York – and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, while 31 states have voted in favor of constitutional amendments that seek to defend traditional definitions of marriage as a heterosexual union.

  In February, Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire signed a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage beginning in June, but opponents there have pledged to block the bill and called for voters to decide the issue. Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley signed into law a bill that permits the state’s same-sex couples to wed as of January 1, and state residents may vote to affirm such a law. 

  Minnesota will vote on a state constitutional amendment similar to the one in North Carolina, while Maine will have a referendum on allowing same-sex marriage. Meanwhile, two cases seeking to overturn laws forbidding the practice, one from California and another from Massachusetts, could be headed to the U.S. Supreme Court in coming months.

  CNN’s Josh Levs, Phil Gast, Bill Mears, Dan Gilgoff and Jim Acosta contributed to this report.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.US Secretary of State John Kerry has said that in some cases, US spying has gone too far. Mr Kerry is the most senior Obama administration official to have commented directly on an issue that has upset America's European allies.He said he will work with the president to prevent further inappropriate acts by the National Security Agency.His comments come as Asian countries have protested at claims that Australia was involved in a US-led spy network.China has demanded an explanation of the reports, while Indonesia has summoned the Australian ambassador to Jakarta.In other developments: In his comments, Mr Kerry also defended the need for increased surveillance, saying it had thwarted terrorist attacks."We have actually prevented airplanes from going down, buildings from being blown up, and people from being assassinated because we've been able to learn ahead of time of the plans," Mr Kerry told a conference in London via video link."I assure you, innocent people are not being abused in this process, but there's an effort to try to gather information. And yes, in some cases, it has reached too far inappropriately."And the president, our president, is determined to try to clarify and make clear for people, and is now doing a thorough review in order that nobody will have the sense of abuse... we are going to make sure that does not happen in the future." he said. Mr Kerry, in his remarks to a conference organised by the Open Government Partnership, said that while some surveillance may have been excessive, claims that up to 70 million were being monitored were an "exaggeration".Claims about the extent of US surveillance of targets such as European leaders have strained Washington's diplomatic relations with some of its key allies.Last week it was alleged that German Chancellor Angela Merkel's mobile phone had been tapped for up to 10 years. More recently there have been claims that the NSA hacked links connecting data centres operated by Google and Yahoo.According to the Sydney Morning Herald, Australia embassies in Asia had been used to spy on Asian countries such as China, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam."If confirmed, such action is not only a breach of security, but also a serious breach of diplomatic norms and ethics," Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa said.The report describes a signals intelligence programme called Stateroom which involves the interception of radio, telecommunications and internet traffic using equipment in US, British, Australian and Canadian diplomatic missions. Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade declined to comment on the latest reports. Prime Minister Tony Abbott said: "Every Australian governmental agency, every Australian official... operates in accordance with the law."The claims are the latest to emerge from documents leaked by ex-US intelligence contractor Edward Snowden, who has been granted temporary asylum in Russia and is wanted in the US in connection with the unauthorised disclosures.In Germany, a member of parliament has said Mr Snowden is willing to travel to Berlin to help investigate allegations about the tapping of Mrs Merkel's phone.Hans-Christian Stroebele, who represents the opposition Green party, said there would need to be safeguards against Mr Snowden, who he recently visited in Moscow, being deported to the United States. The BBC's Steve Evans, in Berlin, said Germany's Christian-Democrat-led government may be unwilling to invite Mr Snowden to the country, particularly as his presence would raise issues over extradition agreements with the United States.In the wake of the claims about surveillance of online data centres, six major technology companies have called for the US government to do more to control the NSA's activities.The six called for "appropriate oversight and accountability" in a letter sent to a US Senate committee sponsoring a bill designed to rein in the NSA.AOL, Apple, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Yahoo signed the letter to the Senate Committee on the Judiciary, saying the greater control would help to rebuild trust in government surveillance programs.National Security AgencyOpen Government Partnership -Police chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?5Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsAt various points over the past two years, Internal Revenue Service officials singled out for scrutiny not only groups with “tea party” or “patriot” in their names but also nonprofit groups that criticized the government and sought to educate Americans about the U.S. Constitution, according to documents in an audit conducted by the agency’s inspector general.The documents, obtained by The Washington Post from a congressional aide with knowledge of the findings, show that the IRS field office in charge of evaluating applications for tax-exempt status decided to focus on groups making statements that “criticize how the country is being run” and those that were involved in educating Americans “on the Constitution and Bill of Rights.”The staffers in the Cincinnati field office were making high-level decisions on how to evaluate the groups because a decade ago the IRS assigned all applications to that unit. The IRS also eliminated an automatic after-the-fact review process Washington used to conduct such determinations. Marcus Owens, who oversaw tax-exempt groups at the IRS between 1990 and 1999, said that delegation “carries with it a risk” because the Cincinnati office “isn’t as plugged into what’s [politically] sensitive as Washington.”Owens, now with the firm Caplin & Drysdale, said that before the agency’s most recent reorganization, it had a series of “tripwires in place” that could catch unfair targeting, including the fact that the IRS identified its criteria for special scrutiny in a public manual. “There’s no longer that safety valve, and as a result, the IRS has been rolling the dice ever since,” said Owens, who worked at the agency for nearly a quarter-century and now represents some organizations seeking tax-exempt status.The IRS came under withering attack from GOP lawmakers Sunday. Sen. Susan Collins of Maine, a moderate Republican, described the practice as “absolutely chilling” and called on President Obama to condemn the effort.“This is truly outrageous,” she said on CNN’s “State of the Union,” adding that even though White House spokesman Jay Carney has said the matter deserves an investigation, “the president needs to make crystal clear that this is totally unacceptable in America.”In March 2012, then-IRS Commissioner Douglas H. Shulman, who was appointed by President George W. Bush, told Congress that the agency was not targeting conservative groups. On Sunday, the agency declined to answer questions about whether senior officials asked IRS exempt organizations division chief Lois G. Lerner and her staff in Cincinnati about this heightened scrutiny before testifying it did not take place.“There has to be accountability for the people who did it,” House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) said on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” adding: “And, quite frankly, up until a few days ago, there’s got to be accountability for people who were telling lies about it being done.”The appendix of the inspector general’s report — which was requested by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee and has yet to be publicly released — chronicles the extent to which the IRS’s exempt organizations division kept redefining what sort of “social welfare” groups it should single out for extra attention since the 2010 Supreme Court ruling Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission. That decision allowed corporations and labor unions to raise and spend unlimited sums on elections as well as register for tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(4) of the tax code, as long as their “primary purpose” was not targeting electoral candidates.The number of political groups applying for tax-exempt status more than doubled in the wake of the Citizens United ruling, forcing agency officials to make a slew of determinations despite uncertainty about the category’s ambiguous definition. Of the 298 groups selected for special scrutiny, according to the congressional aide, 72 had “tea party” in their title, 13 had “patriot” and 11 had “9/12.” Lerner, who apologized Friday for the targeting of such groups, described it as a misguided effort to deal with a flood of applications for tax-exempt status. She did not release the names of the groups.On June 29, 2011, according to the documents, IRS staffers held a briefing with Lerner in which they described giving special attention to instances where “statements in the case file criticize how the country is being run.” She raised an objection, and the agency adopted a more general set of standards. Lerner, who is a Democrat, is not a political appointee.But six months later, the IRS applied a new political test to social welfare groups, the document says. On Jan. 15, 2012, the agency decided to look at “political action type organizations involved in limiting/expanding Government, educating on the Constitution and Bill of Rights, social economic reform movement,” according to the appendix in the IG’s report.The agency did not appear to adopt a more neutral test for 501(c)(4) groups until May 17, 2012, according to the timeline in the report. At that point, the IRS again updated its criteria to focus on “organizations with indicators of significant amounts of political campaign intervention (raising questions as to exempt purpose and/or excess private benefit.)” Campaign reform groups have been pressing the IRS for several years to conduct greater oversight of nonprofits formed in the wake of the Citizens United case, given that many have become heavily involved in elections. “But this isn’t the type of enforcement we want,” said Paul Ryan, a senior counsel at the Campaign Legal Center. “We want nonpartisan, non-biased enforcement.” Loyola Law School professor Ellen Aprill, who specializes in tax law, said any groups that have applied for tax-exempt status has “opened themselves up to scrutiny” by the IRS. “It’s part of their job to look for organizations that may be more likely to have too much campaign intervention,” she said. “But it is important to try to make these criteria as politically neutral as possible.”Aprill said one of the problems is the agency’s top officials have not provided clear enough guidelines on what constitutes too much political activity for a social welfare group because it’s been “a hot potato,” and that now with this new controversy, “it’s going to make it even more difficult to do so.” Toby Marie Walker, president of the Waco Tea Party, said the IRS subjected her group to a series of unreasonable requests after it applied for tax-exempt status in June 2010. The requests came in early 2012, Walker said, after being initially informed by an official in the Cincinnati field office that he was “sitting on a stack of tea party applications and they were awaiting word from higher-ups as to how to process them.”The agency asked the group’s treasurer to supply information on its “close relationship” with current candidates and elected officials as well as future candidates, along with detailed information about its contributors and members. It also asked for transcripts of any radio interviews its officials had done and hard copies of any news articles mentioning them.“That would take me years to do,” Walker said, noting that in some cases, Chinese media outlets referred to her organization. “Am I responsible for every news article across the globe?”The group had even more difficulty providing transcripts and details of speakers at its events, since they hosted informal gatherings such as “rant contests” where anyone could come and express their views. While the IRS awarded the Waco Tea Party tax-exempt status about six weeks ago, Walker said the group was now considering suing the agency since the process not only consumed time and effort but prompted the group to scale back its 2012 get-out-the-vote operation. “We were afraid to do it and get in trouble,” she said.Sal Russo, chief strategist for the Tea Party Express, said that even though the agency’s actions intimidated tea party adherents, he gives the IRS “credit for standing up and admitting” it targeted them. And while only two of the agency’s officials — the commissioner and the chief counsel — are political appointees, Russo said the administration needs to conduct better oversight.“The culture is set at the top,” Russo said. “Obviously you can’t control what every employee does. But you have to set a standard, particularly with the IRS, to be squeaky clean.”  Josh Hicks and Julie Tate contributed to this report. Discuss this topic and other political issues in the politics discussion forums. SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALInternal Revenue Service documents showing that the agency might have scrutinized politically liberal groups before it inappropriately targeted conservative ones intensified debate on Capitol Hill last week, leaving the agency and its watchdog scrambling to explain themselves. The result may be an already embattled IRS that faces even more criticism, and an inspector general risking a compromised reputation.J. Russell George’s May report about the IRS’s treatment of conservative groups led to public outrage, agency apologies, congressional hearings, a Justice Department probe and several dismissals, including the forced resignation of acting commissioner Steven Miller by the White House. But Democrats are now questioning the Treasury inspector general’s audit in light of the new IRS documents, which show that terms such as “progressive,” “health care legislation” and “medical marijuana” appeared on a multipart “Be on the Lookout” list, or BOLO, that helped agents determine which groups deserved additional screening. In a June 26 letter to the inspector general, Rep. Sander M. Levin (D-Mich.) said: “There is increasing evidence that the May 14, 2013 audit was fundamentally flawed and that your handling of it has failed to meet the necessary test of objectivity and forthrightness.”George’s spokeswoman, Karen Kraushaar, fueled that notion when she told the Hill newspaper that the office of House Oversight and Government Reform Committee Chairman Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) asked the inspector general to “narrowly focus on tea party organizations.”Issa’s office has denied it made such a request.Kraushaar has walked back her remarks, telling The Washington Post, “The statements attributed to me in The Hill are not accurate.” She did not say the article misquoted her.“Several members of Congress shared their concerns about tea party organizations” with the inspector general’s office, Kraushaar said in an e-mail. “However, the focus of our audit was on the IRS’s consistency in its identification and review of applications for tax-exempt status involving potential political advocacy issues.”George, appointed to his position in 2006 by President George W. Bush, said in a letter to Levin that his office “reviewed all cases that the IRS identified as potential political cases and did not limit our audit to allegations related to the Tea Party.” The inspector general testified before Congress last month that his office was unable to determine whether any cases in the audit involved progressive groups. He said the names “in many instances were neutral, in that you couldn’t necessarily attribute it to one particular affiliation or another.”Rep. Gerald E. Connolly (D-Va.), whose questioning prompted that response, said in a recent letter to George that his testimony was “at best incomplete, if not misleading.” He also suggested that George should appear again before the House Oversight Committee to “explain himself.”There is little doubt that the IRS erred in its review of tax-exemption applications. Acting IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel, whom President Obama appointed to lead the agency after Miller’s resignation, said in a conference call with reporters last week that the screening methods were inappropriate. But, Werfel added, his agency’s 30-day internal review had “not found evidence of intentional wrongdoing by anyone in the IRS or involvement in these matters by anyone outside the IRS.”The BOLO could still be problematic for the IRS. The list’s “emerging issues” category included only conservative-associated terms at the outset, raising questions about why the IRS prioritized conservative groups but not those from the political left. The term “progressive” appeared in a separate part of the BOLO, and questions remain about when and how that term was used, as well as whether those separate BOLO categories were even relevant to the audit. The IRS and George’s office have said they’re still looking into those matters. The BOLO also directed agents to flag tea party cases for further review while allowing processors to approve other types of groups “on merit if applicable.”George’s audit focused primarily on the “emerging issues” category as part of an effort to help identify groups involved in possible campaign intervention — something that can potentially disqualify an organization from tax-exempt status. George has said the IRS did not use progressive criteria to identify groups involved in campaign intervention. “We are reviewing whether these criteria led to expanded scrutiny for other reasons and why these criteria were implemented,” his office said in a statement last week. Republicans have downplayed the recent revelations about “progressive” search criteria.“Our Democratic colleagues should stop trying to derail the investigation by defending IRS officials with distorted claims equating the systematic scrutiny of Tea Party groups with the more routine screening progressive groups received,” Issa said.House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Dave Camp (R-Mich.) said the IRS controversy goes beyond the issue of search terms to the inappropriate questions agents asked of conservative groups and alleged leaks of private taxpayer information. “At this point, the evidence shows us that conservative groups were not only flagged, but targeted and abused by the IRS,” said Camp spokeswoman Sarah Swinehart. “As we gather the facts, we will follow them wherever they lead us.” WASHINGTON (AP) — Struggling to salvage a massive surveillance program, President Barack Obama faced congressional critics of the National Security Agency's collection of Americans' telephone records Thursday as snowballing concerns made new limitations on the intelligence effort appear increasingly likely.Obama and Vice President Joe Biden joined lawmakers on both sides of the issue for an Oval Office meeting designed to stem the bleeding of public support and show Obama was serious about engaging. Among the participants were the NSA's most vigorous congressional supporters — the top Democrats and Republicans in the House and Senate intelligence panels — alongside its most stern critics, including Democratic Sens. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Mark Udall of Colorado.The lawmakers departed the rainy White House grounds without speaking to reporters. But in interviews later, they said there was a consensus that the surveillance efforts are suffering from perception problems that have undercut trust among the American people."There is openness to making changes," said Rep. C.A. "Dutch" Ruppersberger of Maryland, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, top Republican on the Senate's intelligence panel and a strong NSA defender, said Obama and the lawmakers didn't agree to take specific steps but brought up a number of proposals that will be fleshed out over the August congressional recess."A lot of ideas were thrown out," Chambliss told The Associated Press. "Nothing was concluded."Wyden, in an interview, said he and Udall had sought to convince Obama of the urgency of addressing rising concerns. He said he proposed strengthening the government's ability to get emergency authorization to collect an individual's phone records, so that pre-emptive collection of everyone's records would no longer be necessary."I felt that the president was open to ideas — and we're going to make sure he has some," Wyden said after returning to Capitol Hill.Wyden and two Senate colleagues also unveiled legislation Thursday to overhaul the secret federal court that oversees the programs, which critics decry as largely a rubber stamp. The senators aim to make the court created under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, more adversarial by creating a special advocate who could argue for privacy during closed-door proceedings and appeal decisions. A companion bill would diversify the court's bench by ending the chief justice's sole authority to pick its judges."These bills do not compromise national security, but they put a necessary opposing view in the FISA court and assure ideological diversity of judges," said Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M. Another of the bill's sponsors, Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., said the Obama administration was receptive to the ideas, although White House officials declined to comment.Debate over the line between counterterrorism and invasion of privacy has been heating up since former government contract systems analyst Edward Snowden leaked classified documents exposing the NSA's monumental capability to sweep up data about phone and Internet use, including programs that store years of phone records on virtually every American. Snowden's revelations have prompted a national rethinking over government surveillance powers that have grown since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.Russia decided on Thursday to grant temporary asylum to Snowden, who has been in a Moscow airport hotel for more than a month, despite America's insistence that the fugitive be sent home to face prosecution on espionage charges.In Washington, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., said he stressed to Obama the role Congress must play in ensuring that U.S. spying isn't infringing on Congress' intent or on civil liberties. He said his committee would further probe the issue, including in a classified hearing he's hoping to hold in September.Extending its efforts to defend the programs to the public, the White House pledged to help Americans understand as much as possible about how they work, even as it staunchly defended their efficacy in keeping a post-9/11 America safe."That process will continue," said White House spokesman Jay Carney. "But I don't think that we can sensibly say that programs designed to protect us from terrorist attack are not necessary in this day and age."The more information about the programs the government has released, the more it has fed even greater concerns about the scope of the surveillance and whether Obama's national security team has been truthful in describing it publicly in the past.After the administration on Wednesday declassified more documents about an email mining program, Wyden said they showed the government had "repeatedly made inaccurate statements to Congress" about the effectiveness in countering terrorism. And new details released about the phone records program created new fodder for critics by confirming for the first time that, when investigating one suspected terrorist, the government can also examine records of people who called people who called the targeted individual — netting millions of people's records in a single request.Meanwhile, the head of the NSA openly clashed with lawmakers including Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., over the agency's statements that telephone and email data collection helped foil 54 terror plots.Rising tensions have stoked concern at the White House that surveillance programs Obama considers crucial will soon be undermined or even dismantled — despite the fact that many Democrats and Republicans in Congress have come to the NSA's defense.Leahy, the Judiciary Committee chairman, has threatened to seek to end the phone records program if it's not proven effective. And Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., signaled Thursday that unless an agreement is reached on releasing more of the secret court's opinions, he would push Congress to use its "power of the purse" to compel their disclosure by withholding funding for certain programs.Even some staunch advocates for a tough national security stance have become outspoken critics, including Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., who helped write the USA Patriot Act but now says the phone records collection goes far beyond what he envisioned and may not be renewed. Sensenbrenner was among the lawmakers who shared concerns in the session Thursday with Obama and top officials, including Biden, National Security Advisory Susan Rice and White House counsel Kathryn Ruemmler.The White House also was spooked by a House vote last week to dismantle the program, which failed by a narrow 217-205 margin.___Associated Press writer Richard Lardner contributed to this report.___Follow Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAPRescuers were hampered by damaged bridges and roads and a lack of heavy equipment Monday after torrential rains caused multiple disasters on remote eastern Indonesian islands as well as in East Timor.  At least 133 people died and dozens were missing in Indonesia, and 27 deaths were reported in East Timor.  A tropical cyclone causing the damage is expected to continue affecting the Southeast Asian nations for days while moving south toward Australia.“It turned out great, and it’s a nice little park,” Stan Smith told The Island Packet. “And Kermit didn’t have to worry about (the cold).”Clapping began in various parts of the main city Yangon at 5 p.m. (1030 GMT) in response to a call by protest organisers, residents said.  The gesture would honour "Ethnic Armed Organisations and Gen Z defence youths from Myanmar including Yangon who are fighting in the revolution... on behalf of us," Ei Thinzar Maung, a protest leader, wrote on Facebook.  Despite the killing of at least 564 people by the security forces since the Feb. 1 coup, protesters have come out across the country every day to voice opposition to the overthrow of the elected government led by Aung San Suu Kyi and the return of military rule.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Fans were quick to react to the news on social media.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.In its sixth flight test, the Valkyrie released a payload while in flight for the first time.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Seasonal trends typical of other respiratory viruses don’t seem to apply to the coronavirus."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsWhen the trifecta of scandals first broke over the White House a few weeks ago, the media (who were literally blocking the truth from getting out about the IRS and Benghazi) were so caught off guard that for a couple of weeks they accidentally acted like real media and just reported the facts. Over Memorial Day weekend that all changed. It is fairly obvious that the media used the three-day weekend to gather themselves, talk to the White House, and coordinate talking points with one another. The result of this coordination has been apparent in the words “overreach,” “McCarthyism,” “disarray,” and “no GOP agenda” — all being uttered simultaneously across media platforms that are supposed to compete, not coordinate, with one another. The idea is for the media to revert to form. Rather than seek the truth, the media will go back to attacking those seeking the truth. Obama’s approval rating is going down, his left-wing agenda and legacy are in jeopardy, and the bleeding must be stopped. Another piece of coordination between media and Democrats reared its ugly head today in the most expected of places: Politico. No one takes more glee in savaging private citizens who dare not support Obama than Obama’s bullying thugs at Politico. During Tuesday’s testimony, Congressional Democrats attacked the private citizens brought before them to tell their individual horror stories. The witnesses were Tea Party groups and other conservative groups put through months of paralyzing harassment by an IRS that had intentionally singled them out based on their political beliefs. Democrats, however, did not care about the fact that these groups had been targeted, and they kept insinuating that these groups deserved the IRS scrutiny due to their political activity.  Well, that is not the point and everyone knows it. Had the IRS put the same number of left-leaning groups through the same hyper-scrutiny as they did right-leaning groups, none of this would be happening. There would be no scandal.But the idea here is to change the subject from the fact that the IRS singled out Obama’s political foes for paralyzing scrutiny in the run-up to Obama’s re-election campaign, to the supposed abuse of a tax exempt status by conservative political groups.  The thinking goes that if Democrats can make the Tea Party look like tax cheats it will take the heat off of Obama and further damage his opponents. Well, right on cue, Politico arrives this morning like the cavalry with an appallingly dishonest (but expected) piece of reporting that falls right in line with what Congressional Democrats did yesterday. It is as pure a piece of coordination and left-wing propaganda as you will ever read. And this is the only kind of investigative reporting Politico ever does. Imagine if Politico poured these same resources into investigating the IRS’s connections to the White House or the shaping of the IRS talking points by the State Department. But today’s Politico piece is all about changing the subject. All it looks at is the political activity of yesterday’s Tea Party witnesses in order to make a case that they deserved scrutiny from the IRS. The Politico piece, however, intentionally ignores the fact that this is not the point of the scandal. The point is that these groups were singled out for harassment by their own government. The Politico piece intentionally ignores and chooses not to report on all the political activity of tax-exempt left-leaning groups (like Obama’s Organizing for America) — groups approved by the IRS, that are every bit as political as those on the right who were paralyzed by lengthy and intrusive questionnaires and  threats of perjury-those who had their information leaked to the media. Working directly with the Democrats, Politico is now putting in overtime to desperately steer subject away from and distract from partisan horrors committed by the IRS. The actual crime is no longer the story, according to Politico. No, the story is that the victims had it coming.  Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC        MediaPoliticoWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartObama will face reporters on Thursday to answer questions about the IRS scandal that placed nearly 500 conservative organizations in the IRS’s crosshairs during the 2010 and 2012 elections. Beyond the classic question, “What did the Administration know and when did it know it?”, a myriad of questions remain unanswered.  Here are just a few:Whether reporters will ask and Obama will answer the critical questions that must be resolved remains to be seen.  PoliticsSheldon WhitehouseTom UdallWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL
                          This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
                          or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
                          Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
                       It seems you clicked on a bad link and stumbled upon our 404 pageThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.President Barack Obama has apologised to the California attorney general for remarking on her appearance at a fundraising event on Thursday.Mr Obama described Kamala Harris, a long-time friend, as "the best-looking attorney general in the country".Ms Harris's spokesman said she strongly supported Mr Obama but would not say whether she had accepted his apology.Critics have cited the remark as an example of the ongoing hurdles women face in the workplace.Speaking after Ms Harris at the fundraising event in California on Thursday, Mr Obama said she was "brilliant and she is dedicated and she is tough, and she is exactly what you'd want in anybody who is administering the law and making sure that everybody is getting a fair shake".Then he added: "She also happens to be by far the best-looking attorney general in the country... It's true. Come on. And she is a great friend and has just been a great supporter for many, many years." On Friday, the White House said the president had spoken to the attorney general to apologise for the "distraction" created by his comments."He did not want in any way to diminish the attorney general's professional accomplishments and her capabilities," press secretary Jay Carney said.He added that the president "fully recognises the challenge women continue to face in the workplace and that they should not be judged based on appearance".Writers and bloggers have commented that although the president is a personal friend of Ms Harris and a strong supporter of women's rights, his remarks were inappropriate.Police chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?5Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Before an adoring crowd of religious conservatives, Sarah Palin mocked recent scandals swirling around the Obama administration, performing her own version of a “Saturday Night Live” parody. “They have this skit where they do this fake newscast, and they read this completely absurd news report and finish it with an incredulous ‘Really?’ ” Palin told the audience Saturday afternoon at the JW Marriott in downtown Washington. “As in, our government spied on every single one of your phone calls but it couldn’t find two pot-smoking, deadbeat Bostonians with a hotline to Terrorist Central in Chechnya.“The IRS says it can’t figure out how it managed to spend more than $4 million on training conferences because it didn’t keep its receipts,” she said to uproarious laughter. “Really?”“We’re gathering in a town that is awash in scandal,” said Palin, the closing speaker at the annual meeting of the Faith and Freedom Coalition. “In other words, just another Saturday afternoon in Washington, D.C.”The Faith and Freedom Coalition, a 501(c)(4) organization, was founded in 2009 by Ralph Reed as a way to join together tea party activists and religious conservatives. The theme of the three-day conference was “Road to Majority” and featured a lineup of conservatives from Sen. Marco Rubio to Grover G. Norquist to Herman Cain. Palin criticized Obama’s leadership, including his foreign policy efforts, and argued that the United States should not intervene in Syria, but instead “let Allah sort it out.”“Where is our commander in chief?” she said. “We’re talking now more new interventions. I say until we know what we’re doing, until we have a commander in chief who knows what he’s doing, well, let these radical Islamic countries who aren’t even respecting basic human rights, where both sides are slaughtering each other as they scream over an arbitrary red line, ‘Allah Akbar,’ I say until we have someone who knows what they’re doing, I say let Allah sort it out.”The line drew laughter from the audience.Speaker after speaker offered strategies for conservatives to win control of Congress and the White House. Cain, the former chief executive of Godfather’s Pizza who cut short his bid for the GOP nomination after he was accused of sexual harassment and having an extramarital affair, said he had a formula for winning. “ETA,” said Cain, with the flair of a man who became known for his “9-9-9” tax plan. He said the phrase was shorthand for “enthusiasm, targeted races and activists.” Conservatives need to target races and cultivate fresh faces, he said. “We have got to stop sending nearly 90 percent of the people in D.C. back to D.C.,” said Cain, who has a radio talk show. “We should expand what we’ve already been doing. Create a groundswell of activists, and citizens and patriots.”Texas Gov. Rick Perry, another former Republican presidential candidate, told the conference that conservative activists have “a long way to go” to make an impact on national politics and advised them to shift their tone.“We stand for the principles that made America great,” Perry said. “We should exude those principals with joy. Smile when you disagree with a liberal. As Ronald Reagan said, liberals know so much that isn’t so. Our conservative convictions will win this country back if our tone shows we’re comfortable with our own ideals.” Among the speakers who brought attendees to their feet was E.W. Jackson, a Chesapeake minister who was a virtual political unknown until a month ago, when he clinched the GOP nomination for lieutenant governor of Virginia. Since then, liberals and some national GOP figures have bemoaned controversial Jackson comments, including his belief that Planned Parenthood has harmed black Americans more than the Ku Klux Klan and that gays and lesbians are “very sick people.”Jackson offered a fiery 10 minutes on how the left is assaulting religious freedom and trying to redefine liberty.“Freedom doesn’t mean ‘Do whatever you want.’ It’s the pursuit of character, integrity, decency, honor. Now we’re being told freedom is license,” he said.Palin, the 2008 Republican vice presidential candidate and former Alaska governor, had some harsh words for some GOP leaders who have blamed far right candidates for the party’s recent national losses.“To our Republican leadership, you don’t marginalize, discredit and dismiss everyday, hardworking Americans,” she said. She urged tea party activists to keep at it. “Start on a local level affecting change, as you work on the higher levels of politicos,” she said. “Or do both. Just do both.”Americans need to “rededicate” the country to “our one true heavenly Father,” said Palin, who is writing a book about faith and Christmas and returns to the airwaves Monday as part of the “Fox & Friends” program on Fox News. “If we rededicate our land to our Lord, things will turn around.”Staff writer Michelle Boorstein contributed to this report.President Barack Obama has commuted the sentences of eight Americans who would have had shorter prison terms under current drug sentencing laws.Each of the six men and two women had served more than 15 years in prison for charges related to crack cocaine.A 2010 law reduced the disparity in sentencing between crack and powdered cocaine offences.And in August, the administration dropped mandatory minimum sentences for non-violent drug offenders.Critics say that heavy drug sentences have hit minorities hardest.In a statement, Mr Obama said the 2010 law, the Fair Sentencing Act, had begun "to right a decades-old injustice, but for thousands of inmates, it came too late"."Instead, because of a disparity in the law that is now recognised as unjust, they remain in prison, separated from their families and their communities, at a cost of millions of taxpayer dollars each year."Some 47% of US prison inmates have been incarcerated for drug offences, according to the Federal Bureau of Prisons.Many of those with newly commuted sentences were young when they received lengthy prison terms. Six of those on the commutation list had been sentenced to life in prison.Most will be released in April. One man will go free immediately and another will be released in 2018.Among those ending their prison terms:Before this, Mr Obama had commuted only one sentence in the five years of his presidency, also involving another drug case, and had pardoned 39 people.On Thursday, the president also pardoned 13 others for various crimes. All had already served their full prison terms.A pardon forgives a crime and wipes out the conviction, while a commutation leaves the conviction but ends the punishment. In August, US Attorney General Eric Holder announced a major shift in federal sentencing policies, targeting long mandatory terms that he said have flooded the nation's prisons with low-level drug offenders and diverted crime-fighting dollars that could be far better spent. And a bill in Congress would apply the Fair Sentencing Act to some drug offenders already in prison, allowing potential clemency to a group of people estimated to be in the thousands by advocacy groups.US eyes criminal justice shake-upViewpoints: Prison reform in the USOffice of the Pardon AttorneyThe White HousePolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?5Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.A group of ex-US drug enforcement chiefs say Washington must crack down on marijuana use in two states that recently voted to legalise the drug.Eight former Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) leaders urged the Obama administration to sue the states.In November, Colorado and Washington state voters legalised marijuana, which is still banned under federal law.Analysts say targeting recreational users is not a top enforcement priority for the US justice department.In a letter released to the news media, the former DEA chiefs say President Barack Obama's justice department must act swiftly to counteract the state laws. And they called on senators to ask Attorney General Eric Holder, an Obama appointee, why the federal government had not already taken action when he testifies in Congress on Wednesday.Under the US Constitution, federal law trumps state law, and the US is bound by international treaty to keep cannabis illegal, argue the former DEA chiefs, who worked under both Democratic and Republican presidents.In the two states where voters have legalised recreational cannabis use, "the process of writing regulations is underway and it will become harder to rescind the legislation," Peter Bensinger, who ran the DEA under Presidents Gerald Ford, Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan, told the BBC.He added the Obama administration should sue Colorado and Washington state as it recently had the state of Arizona over an immigration measure it deemed clashed with federal law.Mr Bensinger warned that full implementation of the legalisation laws would "cause havoc" in the communities, schools and roads of Colorado and Washington state."The highways would be littered with fatalities because you're going to have increased use and marijuana stays in the body much longer than alcohol," Mr Bensinger said.But Sanho Tree, a drug policy analyst who supports legalisation, said the former DEA chiefs' warnings were "scare tactics".Their letter is an attempt to goad the Obama administration into a show-down with the states in the Supreme Court, said Mr Tree, director of the drug policy project at the Institute for Policy Studies."Most of these drug policy statements are about turf, which is really about budgets," said Mr Tree. He said drug enforcement agencies were attempting to "maintain a monopoly on doctrine".He said the federal government must be realistic about changing attitudes towards the drug, and he said that in states with medical marijuana laws in place, critics' worst fears had not come to pass.Burning questions about legal marijuanaWeed-growing shop in US capitalSave Our Society From DrugsPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?5Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.AdvertisementSupported byBy Charlie SavageWASHINGTON — President Obama, expanding his push to curtail severe penalties in drug cases, on Thursday commuted the sentences of eight federal inmates who were convicted of crack cocaine offenses. Each inmate has been imprisoned for at least 15 years, and six were sentenced to life in prison.It was the first time retroactive relief was provided to a group of inmates who would most likely have received significantly shorter terms if they had been sentenced under current drug laws, sentencing rules and charging policies. Most will be released in 120 days. The commutations opened a major new front in the administration’s efforts to curb soaring taxpayer spending on prisons and to help correct what it has portrayed as inequality in the justice system. In a statement, Mr. Obama said that each of the eight men and women had been sentenced under what is now recognized as an “unfair system,” including a 100-to-1 sentencing disparity between crack and powder cocaine offenses that was significantly reduced by the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010.“If they had been sentenced under the current law, many of them would have already served their time and paid their debt to society,” Mr. Obama said. “Instead, because of a disparity in the law that is now recognized as unjust, they remain in prison, separated from their families and their communities, at a cost of millions of taxpayer dollars each year.”The commutations have come during a pendulum swing away from tough mandatory minimum sentencing laws enacted a generation ago amid the crack epidemic. The policies fueled an 800 percent increase in the number of prisoners in the United States. They also carried a racial charge: Offenses involving crack, which was disproportionately prevalent in impoverished black communities, carried far more severe penalties than those for powder cocaine, favored by affluent white users.According to Families Against Mandatory Minimums, about 8,800 federal inmates are serving time for crack offenses committed before Congress reduced mandatory minimum sentences, going forward, in the 2010 law.The commutation recipients included Clarence Aaron of Mobile, Ala., who was sentenced to three life terms in prison for his role in a 1993 drug deal, when he was 22. Mr. Aaron’s case has been taken up by civil rights groups and congressional critics of severe sentencing for nonviolent drug offenses, and has received significant news media attention. Margaret Love, his lawyer, said she received a call informing her of the decision on Thursday morning and called her client, who along with his family was “very grateful.”“He was absolutely overcome,” Ms. Love said. “Actually, I was, too. He was in tears. This has been a long haul for him, 20 years. He just was speechless, and it’s very exciting.”Rights groups like the American Civil Liberties Union, which had profiled several of the recipients in a recent report on nonviolent offenders serving life sentences, greeted the announcement with praise and calls for additional efforts. Reaction among conservatives, who in states like Texas and South Carolina have been at the forefront of efforts to reduce the mass incarceration of nonviolent offenders, was muted. The top Republicans on the House and Senate Judiciary Committees declined to comment.The commutation recipients also included Reynolds Wintersmith, of Rockford, Ill., who was 17 in 1994 when he was sentenced to life in prison for dealing crack, and Stephanie George, of Pensacola, Fla., who received a life sentence in 1997, when she was 27, for hiding a boyfriend’s stash of crack in a box in her house. In both cases, the judges criticized the mandatory sentences they were required to impose, calling them unjust.In December 2012, The New York Times published an article about Ms. George’s case and the larger rethinking of the social and economic costs of long prison terms for nonviolent offenders. Mr. Obama mentioned the article in an interview with Time magazine that day and said he was considering asking officials about ways to do things “smarter.”Around that time, a senior White House official said, Mr. Obama directed Kathryn Ruemmler, his White House counsel, to ask the Justice Department to examine pending clemency petitions to assess whether there were any in which current inmates serving long sentences would have benefited from subsequent changes to sentencing laws and policy.The deputy attorney general, James M. Cole, who oversees the pardon office, worked on the policy shift and ultimately returned the eight cases with positive recommendations from the department, the official said.In 2010, there was bipartisan support in Congress for reducing the disparity in sentences between crack and powder cocaine, against a backdrop of crime rates that have plunged to the lowest levels in four decades. And in August, Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. instructed prosecutors to omit listing any quantities of illicit substances in indictments for low-level drug offenses in order to avoid triggering mandatory minimum sentences. But those moves have left unanswered what, if anything, to do about federal inmates serving lengthy sentences for crack offenses committed before the Fair Sentencing Act.A bill co-sponsored by Senator Richard J. Durbin, Democrat of Illinois, and Mike Lee, Republican of Utah, would make the Fair Sentencing Act retroactive for some offenders, allowing inmates to apply to a judge for a review of whether a reduced sentence would be appropriate. The Obama administration supports that bill, the White House said on Thursday, as an orderly way to ensure case-by-case analysis in addressing the broader problem. “In the new year, lawmakers should act on the kinds of bipartisan sentencing reform measures already working their way through Congress,” Mr. Obama said. “Together, we must ensure that our taxpayer dollars are spent wisely, and that our justice system keeps its basic promise of equal treatment for all.”Mr. Obama, who has made relatively little use of his constitutional clemency powers to forgive offenses or reduce sentences, also pardoned 13 people who completed their sentences long ago. Those cases involved mostly minor offenses, in line with his previous pardons.AdvertisementPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.“Before I get to the bill, I’d like to ask that all of us not jump to conclusions regarding the events in Boston or try to conflate those events with this legislation,” Schumer said.But, after Schumer made that plea, he commented on immigration reform, including the specific Gang of 8 bill, in the context of the Boston terror attacks.“In general, we are a safer country when law enforcement knows who is here, has their fingerprints, photos, et cetera, background checks,” Schumer said.“In addition, both the refugee program and asylum program have been strengthened in the past five years such that we are much more careful about screening people in terms of who should and should not be coming into the country,” Schumer added. “If there are any changes that our homeland security experts tell us need to be made, I’m committed to making them.”Schumer’s comments came after the committee’s Ranking GOP Member Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA) mentioned the Boston bombing earlier in the hearing. Schumer’s chastisement of his colleagues about mentioning the Boston attack appeared to be a response to Grassley.“We also appreciate the opportunity to talk about immigration, particularly in light of all that’s happening in Massachusetts right now and over the last week,” Grassley said to open the hearing. “We are here trying to understand why these events have occurred. It’s hard to understand that there are people in this world that want to do Americans harm, so this hearing is an opportunity to refocus on the issues at hand and the importance of remaining vigilant and secure in our homeland.”PoliticsChuck SchumerHomeland SecuritySenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.This post has been updated.Congress is poised to close the door on the possibility of a federal employee pay raise for the remainder of this calendar year while leaving in place spending cuts that threaten many workers with unpaid furloughs.The Senate could finish work Tuesday on a bill that wraps up the budget for the current fiscal year and which denies a 0.5 percent raise that otherwise would have taken effect next month. The House  had passed a separate version also keeping federal salary rates frozen through the calendar year.Leaders hope to finalize work by the end of the week on the bill, which is needed to keep the government operating past the March 27 expiration of a stopgap law that has been funding the government since last October. The House may accept the Senate bill rather than go into a conference to resolve the differences.Federal salary rates have not been increased since January 2010, although if eligible, employees may continue to receive raises for performance, on promotion, or on successfully completing a waiting period in grade-and-step-type pay systems. The extension of the freeze also would apply to members of Congress and top political appointees.Both versions of the “continuing resolution” leave in place the sequestration cuts that took effect March 1 and that have threatened furloughs in many agencies. Each would allow certain new flexibilities in how agencies can achieve the required savings, the Senate bill to a greater extent than the House bill. However, those changes likely won’t lift the threat of furloughs.Announced plans vary widely, with some agencies saying they won’t need to require employees to take unpaid days off, while others have projected furloughs ranging from several days to 22 days. Where furloughs are planned, timing also differs. Several agencies, including the largest, the Defense Department, expect to start the week of April 21, while some don’t expect to begin until later.Also  Tuesday, the House is taking up a budget plan for the upcoming fiscal year which would require federal employees to increase their contributions toward their retirement benefits by about 5.5 percentage points. The bill also would seek a cut in the workforce of 10 percent by attrition over two years.Many federal agencies already have imposed general hiring freezes due to sequestration.The House expects to vote  Wednesday on several alternative budgets, including one sponsored by the ranking Democrat on the House Budget Committee, Rep. Chris Van Hollen (Md.). That plan would not require higher retirement contributions or a workforce cut, while proposing to replace sequestration with spending cuts in defense and certain domestic programs, reductions in agriculture subsidies and reduced tax breaks for the wealthy.However, an alternative from the Republican Study Group, a caucus of House conservatives,  would raise employee retirement contributions and calls for limiting the “size and scope of government” — although it does not specify a workforce reduction goal. It also would change the health insurance premium sharing formula to a voucher system, base retiree inflation adjustments on a less generous measure, and end the practice of “official time,” in which federal employees who serve as union officials can conduct certain union business during working hours.After finishing its work on the temporary funding bill, the Senate is set to turn to its counterpart budget resolution that does not seek a reduction in the federal workforce nor an increase in retirement contributions. One provision of special interest to federal workers, added in committee voting by Sen. Mark R. Warner (D-Va.), would allow shifting of funds within the Office of Personnel Management to support efforts to reduce the backlog of federal retirement applications pending there.The Senate version also would seek to replace sequestration in ways similar to those proposed in the House Democratic alternative.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyIf you didn't know, Yetta Kurland is the phenomenal activist-candidate poised to make history in this year's New York City elections. Running in the same district that mayoral hopeful Christine Quinn is from, Kurland is essentially the anti-Quinn: a proud lesbian who isn't in the pockets of the real estate industry and who hasn't been anointed by 1 percenter Mike Bloomberg to carry on his legacy.Here's her latest video, which dropped today:
My connection to her comes from the darkest days of Occupy Wall Street, when activists were being arrested and brutalized, the city was engaged in illegal shenanigans to harass folks at Zuccotti Park, and even Netroots New York was nearly cancelled because of our association with occupiers. As a leader in the National Lawyers Guild, Kurland was tireless in defending the civil and political rights of New Yorkers and earned a respect in all the circles she traveled in - labor, lgbt, civil rights, healthcare, neighborhood activists, and the legal community.Two communities she failed to impress include real estate and Wall St. So no one was surprised with Corey Johnson, a hollow candidate if there ever was one, entered the race with Christine Quinn's blessing. Reading his resume you might be impressed with his public track record of activism. One thing stands out though: no mention of how he earns a living.It's easy to understand why. As CityCouncilWatch.net reports"Exotic credit derivatives, for those among us with short memories, are those quaint financial instruments that enable banks to make massive bets on the failure of loans, without having to actually own any of the underlying debt.  Credit derivatives caused a minor kerfuffle in the markets in late 2008.  GFI Group “handled as much as 40 percent of the credit-derivatives trades between the world's banks in 2007,” according to Bloomberg.Well, Corey Johnson had nothing to do with any of that, of course…he worked for the real estate development arm of GFI.   And real estate development firms are wholesome, salubrious entities.  Which must be why after I asked Johnson’s campaign manger about his work there, his speaker bio at the Gay Center website was scrubbed.  (Compare here and here.)  And his LinkedIn profile was closed.  Visit Yetta Kurland for Council.Full disclosure: I don't live in Kurland's district but I love her. She got me out of jail when I was arrested for operating the Illuminator. She shows up at political events across the city and across issues. And she's a warm, authentic human being who puts the professional political class to shame.In the public relations push for his takeover of the American health care system, President Obama promised that those who like their insurance could keep it, premiums would decrease, and no one would lose their doctor. We know now those were all lies told repeatedly and never questioned by a media that is still looking the other way. Another promise Obama made was that ObamaCare would not fund abortions. LifeNews reports that this was also a lie:The ObamaCare statute specifically requires the issuers of Exchange plans that cover abortion to “collect from each enrollee in the plan” a “separate payment” for the type of abortions for which funding is prohibited under the Hyde Amendment (which is all abortions other than in cases of life of the mother, rape, or incest) and a separate payment for all other services. [42 U.S.C. 18023(b)]. These separate payments are then to be deposited into separate accounts.During the regulatory process, commenters questioned HHS on how this was to be implemented, and according to HHS, the commenters “recommended that HHS clarify . . . whether [Exchange plan] issuers may satisfy the separate payment provision by providing each enrollee with an itemized bill, and whether an enrollee’s coverage would be terminated for failure to comply with the separate payment provision.” Rather than doing so, HHS merely said that the comments would be taken into consideration in any future guidance. [77 Fed. Reg. 18430 (March 27, 2012)].Now, despite the clear language of the ObamaCare statute, it appears that the separate check requirement is not going to be enforced by the Obama Administration. Gretchen Borchelt, director of state reproductive health policy at the National Women’s Law Center, told the Huffington Post that “we used to talk about it as being two checks that the consumer would have to write because of the segregation requirements, but that’s not the way it’s being implemented.” (Huffington Post, Sept. 3, 2013).Likewise, a spokeswoman for Rhode Island’s Exchange told PolitiFact Rhode Island that “the customer is not billed a separate fee.” (Politifact, Oct. 2, 2013. The Rhode Island Exchange will handle the billing, not the plan issuers). As PolitiFact notes, “it turns out to be a hidden fee.”There is nothing the media is willing to make Obama pay a political price for. Not even repeatedly lying to millions who are about to lose their insurance or forcing people to violate their conscience over the abomination of abortion.   Follow  John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                PoliticsHuffington Post.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Basil Smikle Jr. and Dee Dee Benkie on issue Republicans are raising in immigration debateRepublican Sen. Jeff Sessions is accusing the Obama administration of failing to enforce a century-old law meant to prevent immigrants from taking root in the U.S. only to live on the government dole -- after the administration reported it did not cite anyone for this last year."Virtually no one one is being examined before they enter the country on whether or not they'll ... immediately begin to depend on government welfare," Sessions, R-Ala., top Republican on the Senate Budget Committee, told Fox News.As Congress weighs new immigration legislation, Sessions said any reform package "has got to end that."Sessions turned up new statistics from the Department of Homeland Security last week showing what he describes as a startling trend. DHS reported how relatively few immigrants are being turned away on the grounds that they are likely to become a "public charge" -- or individuals who depend on welfare programs -- despite a 100-year-old law that's supposed to prevent this.The department, blaming "data entry quality," said it did not have complete information on how many immigrants became public charges. But the department did a case-by-case review for the bulk of fiscal 2012, and found just one where that claim was leveled at an immigrant. "However, the charge was later withdrawn," DHS reported.Further, the department reported that just a tiny fraction of people are rejected on these grounds when seeking entry under a program that allows admission for 90 days for travelers from certain countries. Between fiscal 2005 and most of fiscal 2012, a total of 9,796 were denied -- a fraction of a percent of those admitted. State Department figures for visa applications showed a similar trend, with just .068 percent of visa applications denied on those grounds in fiscal 2011.Sessions has been hammering this issue for months. He and other Republican senators earlier wrote to the departments of Homeland Security and State arguing that a bedrock principle of immigration law is that "those who seek citizenship in this country ought to be financially self-sufficient."The senator suggests the immigration system has produced a lopsided result in which high-skill immigrants are turned away while those who end up absorbing more taxpayer dollars than they contribute stay.Recent studies show welfare spending on immigrant-headed households is relatively high. A Center for Immigration Studies report found that 36 percent of these households were using "at least one major welfare program" in 2010 -- compared with 23 percent of other households.Sessions' office says the number of non-citizens on food stamps has skyrocketed in recent years. And the conservative Heritage Foundation claims low-skill immigrant households take in roughly $20,000 more in government benefits every year than they pay in taxes.Sessions suggests the government is fueling this trend. He earlier made a stink over long-running U.S. Department of Agriculture radio "novelas" that depicted people being pressured into going on food stamps. The ads were later discontinued. The senator also is drawing attention to the WelcomeToUSA.gov site that provides information on a host of taxpayer assistance programs for immigrants, including Medicare, food stamps, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families and others.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.1) Revisions. In truth, the most important parts of any jobs report are the revisions to the past two jobs reports. That's because the initial estimate of how many jobs we added or lost in any given month is typically off by about 100,000 jobs. That's how you get situations like August 2011, when the jobs report said we created no jobs but we later learned we'd created more than 100,000.Revisions are where we get that better information. They're the most accurate part of the unemployment numbers. And in this latest jobs report, they're a huge disappointment: "The change in total nonfarm payroll employment for June was revised from +188,000 to +172,000, and the change for July was revised from +162,000 to +104,000." That means we added 74,000 fewer jobs than we thought in June and July.2) The unemployment rate dropped for the worst reason. Unemployment dropped to 7.3 percent in August. Huzzah? Sorry, but no.There are two reasons the unemployment rate dropped. One is that people get jobs. Huzzah! The other is that people stop looking for jobs, and so they're no longer counted as technically unemployed. That's what happened here. The number show 312,000 people dropping out of the labor force. That'll be revised, but if the truth is anywhere close, it's horrible.3) Job creation was terrible. I know I said initial jobs reports are often misleading. And August jobs reports in particular have tended to see sharp upward revisions in recent years. But still, this report was a bummer: 169,000 jobs added. Plug that into the Hamilton Project's handy-dandy jobs gap calculator, and you'll find that this hiring pace will close the jobs gap sometime in 2023:5) Our political system has given up. Forget doing something to actually help the economy. Congress is letting the sequestration crunch jobs, and Republicans are considering shutting down the government and breaching the debt ceiling. Meanwhile, the Federal Reserve has been talking loudly about the need for its "taper," which is Fed-speak for removing its stimulus support from the economy.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        FILE: Richmond joins 51 other municipalities that have passed similar ordinance in the past few years. (Reuters)City officials in this San Francisco suburb passed an ordinance this past week prohibiting city contractors from ever inquiring about many job applicants' criminal histories.The move in this city of 100,000 people, which is troubled by crime and high unemployment, is part of a growing national trend that supporters say is designed to improve the community's employment prospects amid wider incarceration.[pullquote]Under the ordinance, approved by the City Council in a 6-1 vote and set to take effect in September, private companies that have city contracts and that employ more than nine people won't be able to ask anything about an applicant's criminal record; otherwise they would lose their city contracts. The ordinance is one of the nation's strictest "ban-the-box" laws, which are so called because many job applications contain a box to check if one has a criminal record.[summary]"Once we pay our debt, I think the playing field should be fair," said Andres Abarra of Richmond, who was released from San Quentin State Prison in 2006 after serving 16 months for selling heroin. Abarra, 60 years old, said he lost his first job out of prison, at a warehouse, about a month after a temporary agency hired him. The agency ran a background check and "let me go on the spot," he said. He now works for an advocacy group called Safe Return that campaigned for the ordinance.Others say the laws potentially endanger both employers and the public. "We have a responsibility to protect our customers, protect other employees and then the company itself" from potential crime, said Kelly Knott, senior director for government relations of the National Retail Federation, an industry group in Washington, D.C., which hasn't taken a position on ban-the-box laws but has cautioned against federal guidance that could limit how employers use background checks.Richmond, with a population of about 100,000, joins 51 other municipalities that have passed similar ordinances, many in the past five years. Last year, Newark, N.J., barred private employers and the city government from inquiring into a job applicant's criminal history until they have made a conditional offer of employment, and employers can only take into consideration certain offenses committed within the past five to eight years.Murder, voluntary manslaughter and sex offenses requiring registry can be inquired about no matter how much time has passed.Ten states also have enacted ban-the-box legislation, according to the National Employment Law Project, a nonprofit group that advocates for the laws. Many of those laws don't apply to job applications for "sensitive" positions, such as those involving work with children.Michelle Rodriguez, a NELP staff attorney, said tougher sentencing laws in recent decades, particularly for drug crimes, have sent more people to prison, making post-incarceration unemployment a broader problem. "It really could be anybody who has a criminal record now—your co-worker, your neighbor," Ms. Rodriguez said. "And it doesn't mean they're a criminal. It means they had a run-in with the law."Click for more from WSJ.comGet all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
       Mayor Rahm Emanuel's speed cameras generated 2,722 tickets at four parks during the first month, city transportation officials said Tuesday. An additional 24,000 warnings have gone out to drivers found speeding at those locations, Deputy Transportation Commissioner Scott Kubly said. The numbers provide a snapshot now that the city's first group of speed cameras is beyond a 30-day grace period and the system is issuing tickets of $100 and $35. During the first month each camera is up, speeders get unlimited warnings at those locations. After that, drivers caught speeding by the cameras still get one warning. Then the actual tickets start. The 2,722 tickets issued cover Oct. 16 through Sunday near Gompers, McKinley, Garfield and Marquette parks. Two cameras at Gompers Park began issuing citations Oct. 16 and seven cameras at the other three parks began generating tickets by Oct. 25. On Monday, four more cameras began generating tickets near Washington, Douglas and Legion parks, for a total of 13 cameras citywide that are beyond the grace period. City ordinance allows for $35 tickets for drivers going 6 to 10 mph over the speed limit and $100 tickets for drivers going 11 mph or more over the limit. Currently, the Emanuel administration says it is not issuing tickets for drivers going 6 to 9 mph over the limit. During the first week of tickets at the first four parks with cameras, there were an average of 211 speeding violations per day, according to city figures. By the third week of tickets, that daily average had dropped to 175, transportation officials said. "They are working," Kubly said of the cameras. "We're seeing speeding drop pretty dramatically here within the first month." Up to 300 cameras can be installed across the city under current rules. The Emanuel administration can place cameras within an eighth of a mile of the city's parks and schools, which a Tribune analysis showed could cover nearly half the city. City transportation officials have said they hope to have 50 cameras operating by year's end. The Emanuel administration has not said how many cameras it would like to add next year but has projected $60 million to $70 million in revenue for the cameras for 2014, a number several aldermen have said is likely to be much higher. bruthhart@tribune.com  Twitter @BillRuthhartCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.(CNN) – Food safety inspections, early education classrooms and mental health treatment are all at risk if massive forced spending cuts are allowed to take effect at the end of this week, the White House said Sunday.Those cuts would accompany deep reductions in defense spending - including stalling maintenance on Navy ships - that are also poised to trigger March 1.

In detailed reports for all 50 states and the District of Columbia, President Barack Obama's budget office spelled out how the cuts - which are the result of a stalemate between Congressional Republicans and the White House over reducing the federal deficit - will affect localities, putting the stakes of the budget debate in stark terms as Congress returns to Washington after a week-long break.But some Republicans question whether the Obama administration is simply crafting a doomsday scenario for the indiscriminate cuts to force Congressional Republicans into accepting a deal that includes more tax increases for wealthy Americans, which GOP leaders say is unacceptable. They would rather cut spending on entitlement programs such as Medicare and Social Security, which they say are the real drivers of the country's debt.Nationwide, the White House said, 70,000 children would no longer have access to Head Start early education programs, and 10,000 teacher jobs would be at risk, consequences that Education Secretary Arne Duncan detailed Sunday."It creates tremendous instability," Duncan said on CBS' "Face the Nation." "And there are literally teachers now who are getting pink slips, who are getting notices that they can't come back this fall."Reduced federal funding for vaccines would mean children would go without shots that prevent measles, mumps, rubella, tetanus, whooping cough, influenza and hepatitis B. The report indicated 2,100 fewer food inspections would occur, and medical research would be stalled.

READ MORE: 'These cuts do not have to happen,' Obama says

Hundreds of thousands of "seriously mentally ill adults and seriously emotionally disturbed children" could go without treatment for their ailments, according to the White House, which could lead to higher rates of hospitalization and incarceration.And the Federal Aviation Administration would be forced to cut $600 million from its budget, which the agency's boss said Sunday would result in furloughs - or forced leave - for nearly all of the FAA's 47,000 employees."We're going to try and cut as much as we possibly can out of contracts and other things that we do," Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said. "But in the end, there has to be some kind of furlough of air traffic controllers, and that will also begin to curtail or eliminate the opportunity for them to guide planes in and out of airports."All told, non-defense programs would be forced to reduce their spending by 9%, the White House said, while defense programs would have to cut 13%.Cuts to the military would include calling off maintenance on 11 ships in Norfolk, Virginia, home of the world's largest naval base. Air Force operations in the Commonwealth could be cut by $8 million. In San Diego, maintenance on five ships would be canceled. In Jacksonville, Florida, funding to maintain an aircraft depot would disappear.The state-by-state analysis by the White House is a continuation of the administration's attempt to demonstrate in stark terms how the forced spending cuts would affect Americans - and to pin the blame on the GOP. That effort has been met with some skepticism from Republicans."Rather than issuing last-minute press releases on cuts to first responders or troop training or airport security, [Obama] should propose smarter ways to cut Washington spending. After all, Washington spending, even with the sequester, is bigger than it was when he got here," Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell said in response to the White House's detailing of the cuts.“There are smarter ways to reduce the size of government. And with the national debt well over $16 trillion dollars, it’s time for the White House to stop spending all its time campaigning, and start finding smarter ways to reduce the deficit," McConnell continued.Michael Steel, a spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner, said "The White House needs to spend less time explaining to the press how bad the sequester will be and more time actually working to stop it."Some Republicans argue the White House is exaggerating how much Americans would feel the effects of the cuts. "The American people, we see all these claims about what a tragedy it's going to be," Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma said on "Fox News Sunday," pointing to statements from LaHood and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano."They have plenty of flexibility in terms of discretion on how they spend money," Coburn said. "There are easy ways to cut this money that the American people will never feel. What you hear is an outrage because nobody wants to cut spending."Another Republican, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, called the dire warnings from Obama administration officials merely "great political theater about how cutting less than 3% of the federal budget can cause all these awful consequences." "Here is (Obama's) chance to say, 'Here is how we can do it better.' The reality is, the federal budget, even after the cuts, will be larger than last year's budget," Jindal said on NBC's "Meet the Press."Dan Pfeiffer, a senior adviser to the president, denied that the White House was overstating the effects of the cuts, saying that it's Obama's "responsibility to make sure the American people understand what's at stake here in this debate." "This is going to have a very real impact on people's lives and on communities, and people need to know why that is," Pfeiffer said. "Are all these things going to go into effect on the first day? No. But there are hundreds of thousands of Americans who are working today who will lose their jobs as a consequence of this Republican decision."When your country's economy depends on stealing money from citizens and giving it to corporations you might live in a banana republic.DaveDamn, Doug in NYC, They attacked YOUR city? Thats the best you got to a terrorist attack? Remember that wasnt the first time terrorists attacked the towers....It WAS the first time we did anything about it! get off Bush. He's been out of office nearly 5 years. Obama has to do something other than blame it on Bush.... You should also.....
---------–
Um, Dave, what exactly does your little rant have to do with my post about cutting Congresses pay to Minimum wage exactly? Have you taken a reading comprehension test lately or just spout Faux News talking points?SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News A man who spent a lifetime putting his name on things is rebranding himself as a number, and marketing experts are intrigued.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALJulian Whittington, the sheriff of Bossier Parish, LA, told Fox News that Obama’s Justice Office of Civil Rights de-funded the Young Marines chapter and another youth program over mentions of religion. In the case of the Young Marine program, chartered in 1965, the funding was cut off because the group features an oath that mentions “God.” In the other case, it was because a program for at-risk youth featured a voluntary, student-led prayer session as one of its activities.Sheriff Whittington says that the DOJ withdrew a combined $30,000 from the programs because the groups refused to remove God from their activities. The sheriff said this was evidence of the government’s “aggression and infringement of our religious freedoms.”Whittington told Fox, “We were informed that these are unacceptable, inherently religious activities and the Department of Justice would not be able to fund the programs if it continued. They wanted a letter from me stating that I would no longer have voluntary prayer and I would also have to remove ‘God’ from the Young Marine’s oath.”The oath from the Young Marine organization reads:From this day forward, I sincerely promise, I will set an example for all other youth to follow and I shall never do anything that would bring disgrace or dishonor upon God, my Country and its flag, my parents, myself or the Young Marines. These I will honor and respect in a manner that will reflect credit upon them and myself. Semper FidelisBoth the U.S. Army enlistment oath and its commissioning oath end with “so help me God.”As to the at-risk youth program, Whittington said,”We’re not promoting any specific religion, this is just voluntary prayer, mention of God, how offensive and bad can that be?”In response to the DOJ’s message insisting that he sign the anti-God pledge, Sheriff Whittington sent a letter of his own to LA Governor Bobby Jindal.“As a Christian, Sheriff and American citizen, I am writing to express my frustration and concern over the persistent aggression and infringement of our religious freedoms which have been imposed upon the law enforcement grant programs, specifically related to the Louisiana Commission on Law Enforcement,” wrote the Sheriff.In cutting off the funding, the DOJ claimed it was a violation of Church and State rules for the government to fund any group that mentions God.Fox’s Todd Starnes says that, “Both youth programs have been hailed as a successful way to reach at-risk young people. Since 2002 more than 1,000 young people have graduated from the program, directed by a Bossier Parish deputy who is a former U.S. Marine.”Like Sheriff Whittington, Rep. John Fleming (R-LA) was troubled by the DOJ’s actions.“There is a very wide effort coming out of the administration that seeks to stamp out freedom of expressions – particularly religion and especially freedom of Christian expression,” Fleming said. “They are willing to throw the youth overboard and remove the funding just in the name of making this an atheist, agnostic, secular organization.”“They (DOJ) don’t want anything to have any sort of religious support – even down to prayer,” Fleming said. “It’s sad and it’s inconsistent with the intentions of the framers of the Constitution.”Sheriff Whittington is not taking this lying down. “When something is not right and you know it’s not right and you keep bowing down, nothing is ever going to change,” he said.PoliticsBobby JindalFOXFox News.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartIn a commencement address in Atlanta on Sunday to graduating seniors at Morehouse College, President Barack Obama told graduates to fulfill the “special obligation I felt, as a black man like you.” The all-male, historically black liberal arts college was also the alma mater of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., among other famous graduates.The president told the graduating students that their background meant they had a duty “to create greater justice both in your own community, but also across our country. To make sure everyone has a voice; everyone gets a seat at the table; to make sure that everyone – no matter what they look like or where they come from, or who they love – gets a chance to walk through those doors of opportunity if they want it bad enough.”Obama cited his own life as an example several times during his speech, touting his success as a father while also acknowledging some “bad choices” he made in his youth–a veiled reference to his admitted past drug use, which Obama has often acknowledged in books, speeches and debates.He also admonished Morehouse graduates who aimed to join the professions that they ought to serve the poor: So yes, go get that law degree. But ask yourself if the only option is to defend the rich and powerful, or if you can also find time to defend the powerless. Yes, go get your MBA, or start that business. But ask yourself what broader purpose your business might serve, in putting people to work, or transforming a neighborhood….Some of you may be headed to medical school to become doctors. But make sure you heal folks in underserved communities who really need it, too.(Here, the president did not mention his own rather unique career path as an attorney, which included defending landlords in large urban housing developments who had evicted tenants in winter or failed to provide necessary services.)In one portion of his speech, the president touted Obamacare–and encouraged the graduates to sign up for the new health insurance exchanges created by his signature legislation. Obama seems to have been carrying out the advice of Dr. Ezekiel Emanuel, brother of Obama’s former chief of staff, who argued recently in the Wall Street Journal that young Americans would have to be targeted by a propaganda campaign if the system were not to be dangerously underfunded: “Every commencement address by an administration official should encourage young graduates to get health insurance,” Dr. Emanuel wrote.Obama advised the graduating class that racism could no longer be leaned upon as a reason for failure: “We’ve got no time for excuses,” he said. He also acknowledged that the U.S. had become tolerant enough to elect a black president. And yet Obama described a nation in which discrimination is still rampant:See, as Morehouse Men, many of you know what it’s like to be an outsider; to be marginalized; to feel the sting of discrimination. That’s an experience that so many other Americans share. Hispanic Americans know that feeling when someone asks where they come from or tells them to go back. Gay and lesbian Americans feel it when a stranger passes judgment on their parenting skills or the love they share. Muslim Americans feel it when they’re stared at with suspicion because of their faith. Any woman who knows the injustice of earning less pay for doing the same work – she sure feels it.The premise of Obama’s claim is at odds with recent global survey data, which indicates that the U.S. is among the least racist countries in the world. It is also at odds with the record of his own political career. In the recent past, President Obama has been guilty of many of the sins described above–touting deportations of illegal immigrants; opposing gay marriage until a year ago; moving Muslims out of campaign photographs for fear of arousing prejudice; and, most notoriously, paying women less than men in both his Senate and White House offices.Overall, President Obama’s remarks repeated a pattern of recent graduation speeches in which he minimized individual achievement in favor of collective obligation. Curiously, he barely mentioned government, which he has been at great pains to defend in some recent addresses–speeches that have drawn wider criticism in the wake of recent scandals involving abuses of government power.The word “government” appeared five times in his recent Ohio State commencement speech but not once in the Morehouse address, where the only mentions of government careers were his own presidency and the Atlanta mayoralty of Maynard Jackson.Obama’s emphasis at Morehouse was on voluntary service to the community–a theme closer to the American philosophical tradition, albeit reformulated to suit the policies and prerogatives of the administration and the Democratic Party.PoliticsSenateWhite HouseWSJ.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsGold notes that the Soros adviser and a network of about 30 other left-wing “donors, fundraisers and union leaders” met on Friday to develop “a strategy to make the [immigration] issue central in next year’s midterm elections if Congress does not pass a bill, identifying 10 House Republicans who would be vulnerable to pressure from Latino constituents.”  “The meeting was attended by officials from several labor unions, including the National Education Association and the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, as well as representatives of deep-pocketed backers of liberal causes, including a political adviser to billionaire George Soros,” Gold added.The 10 Republicans they are targeting are Reps. Jeff Denham (R-CA), Buck McKeon (R-CA), Gary Miller (R-CA), David Valadao (R-CA), Daniel Webster (R-FL), Mike Coffman (R-CO), Scott Tipton (R-CA), Joe Heck (R-NV), Steve Pearce (R-NM), and Randy Weber (R-TX). These representatives are largely split on immigration efforts. Pearce, for instance, does not support the Senate’s “Gang of Eight” bill or anything like it. “You can’t get control of the borders if you tell people you can come here illegally and you can work until you work your way to the front of the line,” Pearce said in an interview with the New York Times‘ Ashley Parker in August. “The whole world would want to do it that way. Who would want to wait and do it properly?”Weber, who represents the district of former Rep. Ron Paul (R-TX), spoke at an anti-amnesty rally on Capitol Hill in June alongside Reps. Louie Gohmert (R-TX) and Steve King (R-TX). “The president has the authority to secure our border,” Weber said at the event. “He should do it today. In fact he should have done it yesterday.”Denham, on the other hand, supports amnesty, at one point issuing verbal support for the Senate bill but backtracking after immense pressure from conservatives and constituents over the course of August. Since the congressional recess, Denham has come out to publicly endorse House Democrats’ amnesty plan, which was introduced by House Minority Leader Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) earlier this month. Denham has also publicly claimed that House Speaker John Boehner promised that in the next “month or so” there would be a vote on immigration legislation in the House of Representatives. Boehner spokesman Michael Steel has not confirmed or denied these claims.The group of left-wing donors that Soros’ top political aide attended was borne out of a fundraising committee called the Futuro Fund, which raised more than $30 million for Obama’s re-election campaing. “Led by actress Eva Longoria, Puerto Rico lawyer Andres Lopez and San Antonio businessman Henry R. Muñoz III, the fund represented the most robust demonstration yet of the Latino community’s ability to amass cash for U.S. political campaigns,” Gold wrote.Cristobal Alex, a former program officer at the Ford Foundation, left his position there to lead the Latino Victory Project as the new group’s president. “What we want to do with the Latino Victory Project is build political power in the Latino community, so that the faces of Latinos are reflected not just in every level of government but in the policies that drive the country forward,” Alex said.Moving forward, the Post noted, the group will agree to spend anywhere from $1 million to $2 million per target district. “The effort will begin in coming weeks with a campaign aimed at persuading the lawmakers to back an immigration measure this year,” Gold wrote. “If that fails, the group plans to run a barrage of radio and TV ads against them next year.”The AFL-CIO’s immigration campaign manager, Tom Snyder, said each of these GOP lawmakers has a target on their backs. “There was agreement in the room that if we don’t see action in the House, we know who we’re going after,” Snyder said. “There’s a realization that we have to get back to basics. We’re at the point where if you don’t act, we’re going to have to make you pay at the ballot box.”Amalia Perea Mahoney, a Chicago-area art gallery owner who the Los Angeles Times reported raked in between $200,000 and $500,000 for Obama’s 2008 presidential campaign, said the group is “all very united” in its purpose. “I think it’s a pivotal moment,” she said. Mahoney is also an Obama appointee to an federal arts board. Soros has spent $100 million since 1997 backing what his Open Society Foundation calls “immigrant rights” groups and projects. Some of those projects, like Soros’ National Immigration Forum-backed Evangelical Immigration Table (EIT), were meant to create the illusion of grassroots support for amnesty where there was none. Recent polling data released by NumbersUSA, conducted by Pulse Opinion Research, shows that Evangelical Republican likely voters disagree with the push for amnesty despite the Soros group’s claims there is grassroots support among Evangelicals for the policy. Recently, Rep. Raul Labrador (R-ID), a supporter of immigration reform, withdrew from the House’s version of the Senate’s “Gang of Eight” and announced his public opposition to negotiating with Obama and the Senate on immigration, saying such negotiations would be “crazy” for House GOP leadership to enter into. Labrador said House GOP leadership would not be smart to deal with these people because they are trying to “destroy” the Republican Party. PoliticsSenateUnionsWashington Post.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byBy Jodi Kantor and Kate TaylorIn July, two dozen accomplished women — bankers, law firm partners and technology executives — sat Christine C. Quinn down in a conference room in the Met Life building for some honest talk about her quest to become New York’s first female mayor.They were getting worried, they told her, as they watched her slip in the polls and struggle to respond to attacks.The participants, including Mary Ann Tighe, the real estate executive, and Diana L. Taylor, girlfriend of the current mayor, warned Ms. Quinn that a woman seeking power always faced perils and that the very qualities that had brought her this far — drive, ambition, toughness — could make her unlikable to many.But Ms. Quinn was not interested in talking about that.“I don’t get up in the morning thinking about how I’ll approach this as a woman or a lesbian; I think about the issues,” she said, according to an organizer of the session.Afterward, a few of the women privately concluded that Ms. Quinn just did not get it. She needs a voice coach, one said, and a less naïve attitude about the magnitude of the gender challenge she faced.Ms. Quinn’s resistance to the conversation says a lot about her: She can be unbending, and determined, and she wanted her campaign to be focused on her competence and accomplishments, not her gender.But her fall from front-runner status to a distant third place finish in the Democratic primary is now stirring intense debate about whether her femaleness, or her homosexuality, played any role in her struggle to win over voters.Exit polls showed no gender gap in the results and indicated that Ms. Quinn lost for a number of reasons — her close association with the plutocratic incumbent mayor, her rivals’ ability to outmaneuver her on the issue of stop-and-frisk policing, and her inability to be a change candidate in an election in which voters sought new direction.Still, her supporters wonder: Why has New York, home of tough, talented women like Eleanor Roosevelt and Anna Wintour, proven resistant to female candidates? And was it simply too much to expect the electorate to embrace a candidate who would be not just New York’s first female mayor, but its first openly gay one, too?In interviews with allies and opponents, as well as members of the Quinn campaign team, not one person blamed her loss wholly, or even mostly, on gender.But many of them also said that watching her candidacy was like seeing scenes from a depressingly familiar movie — a bad local remake of Clinton 2008.Democratic voters who expressed unfavorable views of Ms. Quinn in New York Times/Siena College polls described her in follow-up interviews as “ambitious,” “petty,” “mean,” “bossy,” “self-interested,” “defensive,” “combative” and “argumentative.”She was the target of an unusual level of visceral hatred, including a band of protesters who screamed at her on the street and interrupted her events.Men, and some women, regularly called her voice grating.“Nice lady, but if I have to listen to that voice for four years, I’ll die,” John A. Catsimatidis, a Republican candidate, said.Sometimes voters said flatly that they did not like her because she is a lesbian. Others had difficulty articulating why they were put off by her.“I don’t really like her,” said Scott Smith, 49, who lives in Park Slope, Brooklyn, and works in construction, adding that she seemed “too masculine, I guess, not enough feminine.”Critiques of Ms. Quinn’s physical attributes came from many corners, even the wealthy Upper East Side women who helped raise money for her mayoral bid. “Why can’t she dress better?’” they would ask Rachel Lavine, a Democratic state committeewoman who was on Ms. Quinn’s finance committee.“I might think that St. John is not the end all and be all of fashion,” Ms. Lavine said, referring to the upscale clothing line favored by wealthy, older women. “But that’s what they’re saying. ‘Why isn’t she wearing a size two St. John’s dress?’ There’s that kind of constant commentary.”Referring to Ms. Quinn’s rival Bill de Blasio, she said, “You don’t hear that about de Blasio — ‘Why can’t he buy better-looking suits?’ ”Ms. Lavine said that on the occasions that she had tried to engage Ms. Quinn’s most strident opponents, the conversation often devolved into insults about Ms. Quinn’s appearance. She said they would call her “ugly” or “fat” or that her red hair made her look like a clown.Ms. Quinn never blamed her problems during the race on sexism or homophobia. Still, her inner circle debated how to grapple with the question of gender.Some supporters wanted a more direct appeal to female voters early on, and Emily’s List, the influential national political action committee that backs Democratic women, endorsed her in January, hoping it would generate excitement among women.But her advisers preferred to play down a gender-specific message as she emphasized her ability to get things done. In fact, Ms. Quinn seldom raised her gender until the final stretch of the primary, when she was clearly behind, making her pitch seem more desperate.The last-minute plea clearly did not work. In perhaps the most painful twist for the candidate, Democratic women rejected her, voting for Mr. de Blasio instead, by more than two to one, according to exit poll results from Edison Research.“There is a perception that women will support women, and that’s just not necessarily true,” said Wendy Greuel, who lost a brutal race for the mayor in Los Angeles earlier this year, and is friendly with Mr. de Blasio from their days in the Clinton administration. “You cannot run a race where you expect people to do that.”Of the 10 largest cities in the United States, only one has a female mayor — Annise D. Parker in Houston. And as the City Council speaker, Ms. Quinn is already an outlier; the state and city are considered tough terrain for female candidates.Some of New York’s highest-profile elected women have been exceptions: Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton, who catapulted into the state from the White House, and Kirsten E. Gillibrand, who was first appointed to a vacant seat.“Democratic party politics, dominated by men, have been less hospitable for women in New York,” Ester Fuchs, a professor of political science at Columbia, said. Women are “getting into the primaries but they’re not winning,” she added.Part of the problem, she said, is that contrary to the hopes of Ms. Quinn and her campaign aides, women almost never vote as a bloc in city races, in which issues like abortion figure very little.Without a women’s vote, a gay vote — which never really materialized — or a powerful ethnic affiliation, like with Jews or Hispanics, she said, Ms. Quinn was left without a base.“She’s Irish,” Ms. Fuchs pointed out, noting that many Irish voters have left the city. “That was a bigger problem for her than anything.”But true to the concerns of the women who met with Ms. Quinn in July, some allies thought the campaign could have handled the tricky matter of being a woman candidate with more finesse.Gloria Steinem said in an interview that Mr. de Blasio effectively “took over the language of gender” in the race with his proposal to expand preschool programs with a tax increase. (The proposal was widely seen as impractical but politically effective.)Even though Ms. Quinn passed a Council bill to provide paid sick leave, she stalled action on the measure for so long that she was widely viewed as an opponent, which hurt her credibility as a fighter for women.She veered between projecting toughness and vulnerability; a memoir in which she discussed her teenage bulimia and battle with alcohol struck many as a plea for sympathy.Ms. Steinem, who endorsed Ms. Quinn, said that the city’s very might makes it more difficult for women to break through. “Wherever there is more power, there is more opposition,” she said, adding, “If you’re tough enough to run New York City, you’re too tough to be considered acceptably feminine.”At Ms. Quinn’s post-primary party on Tuesday night at a Chelsea hotel, supporters seemed to still be absorbing her fall.Young female volunteers in “Team Quinn” shirts hugged and Liz Abzug, daughter of Bella, poured out her frustration about how little had changed in the 36 years since her mother’s unsuccessful run for mayor.After the crowd interrupted Ms. Quinn with cries of “You’re not done!” and “Governor!” she delivered her variation on what has now become the standard line for every woman who loses.“This may not be the outcome you wanted, but there’s a young girl out there who was inspired by the thought of New York’s first woman mayor,” she said. She looked upbeat, but her wife’s eyes were glossy with tears.Advertisement3/5 of a person. That should be familiar.  It is how slaves were counted for purposes of representation (and taxation) in the U. S. House in the original Constitution:But you need to do the actual math. No one on your side - at least I hope no one on your side - has crunched the numbers. Last election, Barack Obama won 51.16% of the vote. Under the new bill he would have won four of the states 13 electoral votes.And do you know how much it counts an Obama voter as? (It's 4/13 divided by 51.16%. I'll wait. Do it. Get a calculator. You'll crap yourself.)IT IS ALMOST EXACTLY THREE FIFTHS.This bill counts an Obama voter as 3/5 of a person. I don't know if that fraction rings a bell with you. It was kind of a big deal, way back when. Women in fancy dresses, guys in gray - a lot of gray was in style. Is the light coming on now?and please continue below the fold for just a few words more.Blow's final two paragraphs, which come immediately after referencing Bibeau, read as follows:This is not where we should be in 2013, debating whether to pass bills to reduce urban voters to a fraction of the value of other voters and hoping that someone with the power to stop it thinks it’s a “bad idea.”It is worth noting that unlike the two states that now distribute electoral votes by Congressional district (Maine which has never split, and Nebraska which in 2008 gave on e EV to OBama) and as far as I know ALL other current proposals, rather than giving the two EV votes equivalent to the two senators to the candidate winning the statewide total, the Virginia proposal would award the final two EVS to the candidate winning the majority of the Congressional districts, not the majority of the state's votes.  Those districts were heavily gerrymandered, because in 2008 the Dems had won 6 of the state's electoral votes, and even though Glenn Nye and Tom Perriello and Rick Boucher were defeated in 2010, the Republicans were taking no chances and redrew the CDs to make them more Republican friendly.  Obama actually won one CD represented by a Republican.The proposal came from a state senator whose intention seems racist - he wants rural (for which you can read "white") voters not to be outvoted by urban (for which you can read "black" and to a lesser degree "Hispanic") voters.It will not go anywhere.It is ironic that the vote distribution turned out to so closely match the ratio of the 3/5 Compromise.But then, part of the pushback against Obama has from the beginning been because he was Black.Odd that the ratio would now increasingly include young people and women as well as people of color.Again, it won't happen in Virginia.It seems like the parallel in Florida is also dead, because the Republican heads of the two chambers of the state legislature are opposed to splitting the electoral vote.But let's be clear -  the intent of such proposal is not merely to steal states for Republicans that they might not otherwise win, it is to diminish the value of the votes of minorities and expand the power of angry old white men.Like the attempts this past cycle at voter suppression through voter-id laws and limiting access to early voting, this will produce a backlash.Perhaps those pushing such proposals really do want to make Obama voters count for only 3/5.In the process what they might be demonstrating is that they themselves have only 3/5 the intelligence and moral character of those whose votes they seek to diminish.
                          This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
                          or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
                          Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
                       It seems you clicked on a bad link and stumbled upon our 404 pageThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.Tom Edsall on politics inside and outside of Washington.
                                             Although there was plenty of discussion during the 2012 presidential campaign                                        about the Hispanic vote and how intense black turnout would be, the press was preoccupied                                        with the white vote: the white working class, white women and upscale whites.Largely missing from daily news stories were references to research on how racial attitudes have changed under Obama, the nation’s first black president. In fact, there has been an interesting exploration of
                                        this subject among academics, but before getting to that, let’s look back at some election results.In the 16 presidential elections between 1952 and 2012, only one Democratic candidate, Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964, won a majority of the white vote. There have been nine Democratic presidential nominees                                        who received a smaller percentage of the white vote than Obama did in 2008 (43 percent) and four who received less white support than Obama did in 2012 (39 percent).
                                         In 2012, Obama won 39 percent of the white electorate.
                                        Four decades earlier, in 1972, George McGovern received a record-setting low of the ballots cast by whites, 31 percent. In 1968, Hubert Humphrey
                                        won 36 percent of the white vote; in 1980, Jimmy Carter got 33 percent; in 1984, Walter Mondale took 35 percent of the ballots cast by whites. As far back as 1956, Adlai Stevenson tied Obama’s 39 percent,
                                        and in 1952, Stevenson received 40 percent – both times running against Dwight D. Eisenhower. Two Democratic nominees from Massachusetts, Michael Dukakis in 1988 (40 percent) and John Kerry in 2004 (41 percent),
                                        got white margins only slightly higher than Obama’s in 2012 — and worse than Obama’s 43 percent in 2008. In other words, Obama’s track record with white voters is not very different from
                                        that of other Democratic candidates.Ballots cast for House candidates provide another measure of white partisanship. These contests have been tracked in exit polls from 1980 onward.
                                        Between 1980 and 1992, the white vote for Democratic House candidates averaged 49.6 percent. It dropped sharply in 1994 when Newt Gingrich orchestrated the Republican take-over of the House, averaging just 42.7
                                        percent from 1994 through 2004. White support for Democrats rose to an average of 46.7 percent in 2006 and 2008 as public disapproval of George W. Bush and of Republicans in Congress sharply increased.In the aftermath of Obama’s election, white support for Congressional Democrats collapsed to its lowest level in the history of House exit polling, 38 percent in 2010 —  at once driving and driven
                                        by the emerging Tea Party. In 2012, white Democratic support for House candidates remained weak at 39 percent.Despite how controversial it has been to talk about race, researchers have gathered a substantial amount of information on the opinions of white American voters.The political scientists Michael Tesler of Brown University and David O. Sears                                        of UCLA have published several studies on this theme and they have also written a book,
                                        “Obama’s Race: The 2008 Election and the Dream of a Post-Racial America,” that analyzes changes in racial attitudes since Obama became the Democratic nominee in 2008.In their  2010 paper, “President Obama and the Growing Polarization of Partisan Attachments by Racial Attitudes and Race,” Tesler and Sears
                                        argue that theevidence strongly suggests that party attachments have become increasingly polarized by both racial attitudes and race as a result of Obama’s rise to prominence within the Democratic Party.Specifically, Tesler and Sears found that voters high on a racial-resentment scale moved one notch toward intensification of partisanship within the Republican
                                        Party on a seven-point scale from strong Democrat through independent to strong Republican.To measure racial resentment, which Tesler and Sears describe as “subtle hostility towards African-Americans,” the authors used data from the American National Election Studies and the General Social Survey,
                                        an extensive collection of polling data maintained at the University of Chicago.In the case of A.N.E.S. data, Tesler and Sears write:The scale was constructed from how strongly respondents agreed or disagreed with the following assertions: 1) Irish, Italian, Jewish and many other minorities overcame prejudice and worked their way up. Blacks should
                                            do the same without any special favors. 2) Generations of slavery and discrimination have created conditions that make it difficult for blacks to work their way out of the lower class. 3) Over the past few years,
                                            blacks have gotten less than they deserve. 4) It’s really a matter of some people not trying hard enough; if blacks would only try harder they could be just as well off as whites.The General Social Survey included questions asking respondents to rate competing causes of racial discrimination and inequality:The scale was constructed from responses to the following 4 items: 1) Irish, Italian, Jewish and many other minorities overcame prejudice and worked their way up. Blacks should do the same without any special favors.
                                            2) A 3-category variable indicating whether respondents said lack of motivation is or is not a reason for racial inequality. 3) A 3-category variable indicating whether respondents said discrimination is or
                                            is not a reason for racial inequality. 4) A three-category variable indicating whether respondents rated whites more, less or equally hardworking than blacks on 7 point stereotype scales.Supporting the Tesler-Sears findings, Josh Pasek, a professor in the communication studies department at the University of Michigan, Jon A. Krosnick,
                                        a political scientist at Stanford, and Trevor Tompson, the director of the Associated Press-National
                                        Opinion Research Center at the University of Chicago, use responses from three different surveys in their analysis of
                                        “The Impact of Anti-Black Racism on Approval of Barack Obama’s Job Performance and on Voting in the 2012 Presidential Election.”Pasek and his collaborators found a statistically significant increase from 2008 to 2012 in “explicit anti-black attitudes” – a measure based on questions very similar those used by Tesler and Sears
                                        for their racial-resentment scale. The percentage of voters with explicit anti-black attitudes rose from 47.6 in 2008 and 47.3 percent in 2010 to 50.9 percent in 2012.Crucially, Pasek found that Republicans drove the change: “People who identified themselves as Republicans in 2012 expressed anti-Black attitudes more often than did Republican identifiers in 2008.”In 2008, Pasek and his collaborators note, the proportion of people expressing anti-Black attitudes was 31 percent among Democrats, 49 percent among independents, and 71 percent among Republicans. By 2012, the numbers
                                        had gone up. “The proportion of people expressing anti-Black attitudes,” they write, “was 32 percent among Democrats, 48 percent among independents, and 79 percent among Republicans.”At the moment, the population of the United States (314 million)
                                        is heading towards a majority-minority status in 2042.The American electorate, on the other hand (126 million) is currently 72 percent white, based on the voters who cast ballots
                                         last November.
                                    Obama’s ascendency to the presidency means that, on race, the Rubicon has been crossed (2008) and re-crossed (2012).What are we to make of these developments? Is the country more or less racist? How can the percentage of people holding anti-black attitudes have increased from 2006 to 2008 at a time when Obama performed better among
                                        white voters than the two previous white Democratic nominees, and then again from 2008 to 2012 when Obama won a second term?In fact, the shifts described by Tesler and Pasek are an integral aspect of the intensifying conservatism within the right wing of the Republican Party. Many voters voicing stronger anti-black affect were already Republican.
                                        Thus, in 2012, shifts in their attitudes, while they contributed to a 4 percentage point reduction in Obama’s white support, did not result in a Romney victory.Some Republican strategists believe the party’s deepening conservatism is scaring away voters.“We have a choice: we can become a shrinking regional party of middle-aged and older white men, or we
                                        can fight to become a national governing party,” John Weaver, a consultant to the 2008 McCain campaign, said after Obama’s re-election. Mark McKinnon, an adviser to former President George W. Bush,
                                        made a similar point: “The party needs more tolerance, more diversity and a deeper appreciation for the concerns of the middle class.”Not only is the right risking marginalization as its views on race have become more extreme, it is veering out of the mainstream on contraception                                        and abortion, positions that fueled an 11 point gender gap                                        in 2012 and a 13 point gap in 2008.Given that a majority of the electorate will remain white for a number of years, the hurdle that the Republican Party faces is building the party’s white margins by 2 to 3 points.
                                        For Romney to have won, he needed 62 percent of the white vote, not the 59 percent he got.Working directly against this goal is what Time Magazine recently described as the Republican “brand
                                        identity that has emerged from the stars of the conservative media ecosystem: Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Bill O’Reilly, Ann Coulter, and others.”It is not so much Latino and black voters that the Republican Party needs. To win the White House again, it must assuage the social conscience of mainstream, moderate white voters among whom an ethos of tolerance has
                                        become normal. These voters are concerned with fairness and diversity, even as they stand to the right of center. It is there that the upcoming political battles — on the gamut of issues from race to rights
                                        — will be fought.Tom Edsall, a professor of journalism at Columbia University, is the author, most recently, of “The Age of Austerity.” His column on demographic and strategic trends in American politics appears every Wednesday. During the year leading up to the 2012 elections, he wrote for The Times as a weekly contributor to Campaign Stops. He covered American politics at The Washington Post from 1981 to 2006, and before that at The Baltimore Sun and The Providence Journal. He has written four other books: “Building Red America,” “Chain Reaction: The Impact of Race, Rights, and Taxes on American Politics,” “Power and Money: Writing About Politics” and “The New Politics of Inequality.” He splits his time between Washington and New York.Students who are new to America or lack college-educated parents often don’t know their options.Read more…Giving fishermen a business incentive to fish sustainably can “unleash their creative capacity” to help solve the problem, says one expert. Read more…More From Fixes »It wasn’t my heart that he broke.Read more…What desperate, humiliating steps would I take in order to watch him play?Read more…More From Private Lives »Even when we disguise their identities, we risk betraying them.Read more…It isn’t unusual for therapists to get emotionally attached to people we’ve never met. Read more…More From Couch » After reading so many hateful messages I began to feel sick, literally.Read more…What this language trend says about us.Read more…More From The Stone »The Moviegoers pick who should and who will win at the Academy Awards — and pick apart Hollywood’s diversity problem.Read more…The “Force” holds great appeal compared with our anxieties here on earth, as seen in other films this season. Read more…More From Moviegoers »My mother’s death was so wrenching that I applied to medical school to help change the way people die in America. Read more… Had I prolonged my Indian grandmother’s suffering with my stubborn belief in the power of medicine to fix things? Read more…More From The End »What I learned about writing from doing crossword puzzles.Read more…When a family commissions a work, they’re more interested in stories, lessons and values, rather than in sensation.Read more…More From Draft »I’ve been drug-free for nearly a month. Here is what I learned about my own seven-month weaning process. Read more…As I decrease my medications, the urgency I feel around men and relationships subsides. Read more…More From Anxiety »Why can’t we all just get along?Read more…Composing with orchestral instruments was fine. But I found a richer palette of melody, counterpoint and rhythm already in the air.Read more…More From Menagerie »Four years ago, Disunion convened a panel of experts to discuss the outbreak of the Civil War. Now, those experts are back to discuss the war’s end, and its legacy.
                                                Read more…
                                            If you read the series (or if you’re just a huge Civil War nerd), what have you learned? Read more…More From Disunion »Should convicted felons receive free health care?Read more…Too many physicians think palliative care means giving up.Read more…More From Bedside »Brooks and Collins on the full extent of the Election Day devastation of Democrats, including some who weren’t on the ballot.Read more…Brooks and Collins on conflicting responses to Ebola, the meaning of the midterms and the pleasure of voting for effective crooks.Read more…More From The Conversation »Inexorable laws of economics aren’t tearing us apart. Our policies are.Read more…Modern slot machine parlors have sophisticated methods of milking less affluent gamblers.Read more…More From The Great Divide »The absence of evidence, the evidence of absence, and the Iraq War.Read more…Could Pearl Harbor be called a “failure of imagination,” and in that sense was it similar to the attacks of 9/11?Read more…More From Errol Morris »
                                        Students who are new to America or lack college-educated parents often don’t know their options.Read more…
                                        It wasn’t my heart that he broke.Read more…
                                        Giving fishermen a business incentive to fish sustainably can “unleash their creative capacity” to help solve the problem, says one expert. Read more…
                                        Even when we disguise their identities, we risk betraying them.Read more…
                                        After reading so many hateful messages I began to feel sick, literally.Read more…FollowAdvertisementSupported bySpecial Report: The Female FactorBy Melissa EddyBERLIN — Within minutes of being sworn in as governor of the southwest German state of Rhineland-Palatinate, Malu Dreyer turned to members of the opposition and gestured to lawmakers seated across the aisle from her center-left party, offering not a challenge, but an invitation. “I pledge to you open and constructive cooperation,” Ms. Dreyer said. “That this applies to all members of Parliament.” In this, her inaugural address, she added: “Let us speak more with, and less about, one another. The origin of an idea is not important, but its value and use for our state.”In Germany, where much is taken earnestly and politicians can be dour, Ms. Dreyer, 52, has made headlines for her wide smile. Her party, the Social Democrats, touted her sunny approach in a campaign that sold her as someone as “beloved as free beer and days off in summer.”Her character and reputation defy what she has said is a condition that steeled her for the rough-and-tumble of politics: Ms. Dreyer suffers from multiple sclerosis, and frequently uses a wheelchair to get around.Perhaps unsurprisingly, her political agenda is heavily focused on issues of social justice. Notably, within weeks of taking office Jan. 16, she pushed an initiative to enact a nationwide minimum wage, something resisted for years by the German political and business establishments.Ms. Dreyer made that move through the Bundesrat, the upper house of Parliament, and consists of representatives from the 16 states. It is in those states that German female politicians, long in the shadow of men, and of Chancellor Angela Merkel, who has headed the Christian Democratic Union since 2000, are now making their mark. Ms. Dreyer declined to be interviewed for this article, citing the need to focus on her work in the weeks after taking office.While Ms. Merkel has won spurs as one of the world’s most influential women since taking office in 2005, a new generation of women wields influence closer to home. One quarter of all the states are now governed by women.Unlike the first women to enter the top levels of politics in the late 1980s and early 1990s, female governors today have spent years building up credentials in less visible positions and developed their own leadership style in the meantime. Ms. Dreyer is a prime example. She describes her style as “inclusive, very team oriented, but also decisive.” She likes to listen to arguments, weigh possibilities and then make a decision. During the 11 years she spent as labor minister in her state, Ms. Dreyer — a trained lawyer who served as a state prosecutor in Bad Kreuznach before entering politics, as the mayor of that same city — became known for tackling problems at the source. She held roundtable meetings to discuss the issue of caring for the elderly in nursing homes so that workers could participate. Her own experiences as the mother of a patchwork family with three children and resident of a publicly sponsored social living project have contributed to her image of being straightforward and someone to whom average people can relate. Bettina Munimus, a researcher with the European Academy for Women in Politics and Economics, based in Berlin, said that Ms. Dreyer’s more consensus-oriented approach is indicative of an overall shift, visible in the other states where women are now in charge — including the biggest, North Rhine-Westphalia, as well as Saarland and Thuringia.“In the previous generation, the old male politicians used the ‘basta’ style of politics to outwardly demonstrate power and the need for the final word,” Ms. Munimus said. Not so the female governors. “They know that power is needed to bring about policy, but along the way, it is important to cooperate, to create policy with others. That is the identifying factor of this style.” Since 2010, another Social Democrat, Hannelore Kraft, has governed North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany’s most populous state and one known for decades as much for its old boys’ political network as for its heavy industry.Ms. Kraft was forced to settle right after her election for a minority government that relied on the support of political foes to pass legislation. Together with the deputy governor, Sylvia Löhrmann from the Greens, Ms. Kraft dubbed her government the “invitation coalition” and got to work. Two years later, her fragile constellation collapsed, and Ms. Kraft faced off against a former minister from Ms. Merkel’s conservative party in fresh elections last May. Not only did Ms. Kraft retain her governorship; she won a clear majority in the state legislature for government with the Greens. Many Germans would have liked to see Ms. Kraft run as the Social Democratic candidate, challenging Ms. Merkel for the chancellorship, in September elections. A recent survey by Statista pollsters showed the 51-year-old the third most popular politician in the country, after Ms. Merkel and Joachim Gauck, the German president. Instead, the Social Democrats chose Peer Steinbrück, whose straight-talking style is more associated with the cigar-chomping era of Gerhard Schröder and who raised eyebrows when he recently told the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung that the chancellor was popular “because she gets a women’s bonus.”Heidi Simonis, Germany’s first female governor — she led the state of Schleswig-Holstein for 12 years — disputed that view. In a recent interview from her home in Kiel, she cited courage, capability in a specific field or overall political experience as qualities displayed by the women who now hold office in the states.“Just being a woman is no longer enough to earn a female bonus in Germany,” said Ms. Simonis, also a member of the Social Democrats. Ms. Simonis served as finance minister for her state before she was elected governor in the wake of Schleswig-Holstein’s worst political scandal since World War II. At the time, she said, her focus was not on her gender, but the challenges at hand.“I just said, ‘I have a job to do here, whether they love me or don’t love me,’ although of course I preferred that they love me,” Ms. Simonis said. “That was enough to last for 12 years, although it has nothing to do with nice eyes or being a woman. You have to achieve a bit more for people to give you their vote.”In addition to now running 4 of the 16 states and holding nearly a third of all seats in the national Parliament, women in Germany still face challenges when it comes to equality in the workplace and the business world. Women in Germany earn roughly 22 percent less than their male counterparts in comparable positions, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. Despite efforts in recent years to help better combine the demands of full-time work with raising a family, women in Germany still remain underrepresented in the highest management positions. Only 4 percent of seats on the management boards of the country’s top companies were held by women last year, according to the German Institute for Economic Research.On the flip side, more than half of the 7.4 million lowest-paying jobs in Germany are held by women, who often earn less than €8.50, or $11, per hour, the rate that — if it is up to Ms. Dreyer — will become the national minimum wage. Ms. Dreyer has already argued in favor of the minimum wage as the state labor minister. She reasons that women would be among the main beneficiaries if the country broke with its tradition of allowing each industry to set its own pay agreements and instead enacted a national minimum wage. Taking advantage of her newness on the national scene, she made the issue a top priority and got support from other states to push through the measure on March 1. “Article 3 of the German Constitution ensures the equal rights of men and women,” Ms. Dreyer told the Bild am Sonntag, a popular Sunday tabloid. “As long as women in Germany are discriminated against, I will fight for their rights.” AdvertisementSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALA record number of women and racial minorities were elected to the 113th Congress, which was sworn in Thursday. Among them was the first Buddhist to join the Senate, as well as the first Hindu and the first openly bisexual woman in the House.House Democrats became the first caucus in the history of either chamber not to have a majority of white men. It was a watershed moment for the Democratic Party, which has adopted diversity as one of its chief selling points and has marketed itself as the party that looks more like a fast-changing United States.“It was a decision,” House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said in an interview about boosting the number of Democratic women in Congress. “We made a decision a long time ago that we were going to try to expand the number. We made a decision for women to help women, and also for the Democrats as a party to help recruit women and help fund campaigns.”The overwhelming majority of lawmakers sworn in Thursday were white men. But the new Congress, while still lagging behind the nation as whole in diversity, reflects national demographic changes that hold significant implications for American politics.Democrats think those changes­ give them a distinct political advantage in a nation in which whites make up a smaller part of the electorate. It also opens new avenues of fundraising to support their campaigns.Republicans, too, see the value of diversity and have sought to highlight changes in the GOP. When Jim DeMint (S.C.) recently stepped down from the Senate, for instance, he was replaced by Tim Scott, giving Republicans a chance to claim the only African American in the Senate. Sen. Ted Cruz (Tex.), a Cuban American, also became an instant star among Republicans when he was elected. Overall, though, Republicans have struggled to diversify their ranks, and the party was criticized after the presidential election for mainly appealing to an older, whiter coalition. Whether the GOP will adjust its positions to lure more votes from an increasingly diverse electorate is a key question likely to play out in the new Congress.  The Democratic diversity was on display Thursday during the vote for House speaker. Pelosi beamed as dozens of women and minorities called out her name as their choice over Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio), who was narrowly elected by the Republican majority. Twice, her name was read aloud in Spanish.For Pelosi, the moment probably paled in comparison to the day six years ago when she, in her words, “broke the marble ceiling” and was elected the nation’s first female speaker.But for Pelosi, 72, who was one of 23 female lawmakers when she was first elected 25 years ago, Thursday had different rewards. Maybe no Democrat has been more central to the party’s diversity push than she has. The House has 81 women, 61 of them Democrats. The Senate includes 20 women — still just a fifth of the chamber but an achievement striking enough that ABC News gathered the group together for a joint interview that aired on Thursday night.The contrast between the two parties has been stark in recent weeks.When Republicans first circulated a list of their committee chairmen for the 113th Congress, showing that every committee would be headed by a white man, Pelosi’s office quickly followed up with a flier with photos of the ranking Democrats on the panels.Half of top Democrats on committees are minorities or women. In the debate that followed, Boehner named Rep. Candice Miller (R-Mich.) to chair the House Administration Committee, a panel on which she had not served.“The more diversity of opinion at the table, the more consensus you can build, the more sustainability of the solutions, and the more respect it commands,” Pelosi said of her efforts to advance women and minorities into leadership.There will be now be 42 African Americans in the House and one in the Senate — Scott, the first black Republican in the Senate since 1979.Two of the Senate’s three Hispanics will be Republicans (Cruz and Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida). Sen. Robert Menendez (N.J.) is a Democrat.But of the 29 Latinos in the House, 24 are Democrats. In opening-day speeches to the House by Pelosi and Boehner, only the Democratic leader mentioned the need for comprehensive immigration reform, to a standing ovation from Democrats and temperate applause from a handful of Republicans.Democrats see tangible political advantages in their diversity.“Part of our happiness is that we know the wind’s behind us,” said Rep. Raul M. Grijalva (Ariz.), explaining enthusiasm from Democrats on Thursday. “Obama’s victory is owed to that demographic, and you see more of that happening here, especially in our party. And you’re going to see more of it going forward.” Meanwhile, the spirit among Republicans — who are still smarting from a divisive vote late Tuesday for legislation that will allow taxes to rise for the wealthiest Americans — was more muted.For Pelosi, the growing number of female lawmakers has been a source of particular pride. The gains came in a year when Democrats campaigned aggressively on women’s issues.“We’re a little past the time where people are pioneers,” Pelosi said. “We’re not just going out there and saying we want women to vote for us. We’re saying we want to give women a seat at the table, and you know what? A seat at the head of the table.”Half of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee’s “red to blue” candidates, recruited to run in competitive districts that Republicans held, were women. Pelosi hosted women’s fundraising lunches nationwide and ultimately saw the number of Democratic women expand, even in a year when Republican numbers dropped from 24 to 20.“She was tireless. She would do four events in a day,” said newly elected Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.), an Iraq war veteran who took a position of honor next to Pelosi during a class photo of Democratic women taken on the Capitol steps on Thursday. “We were working hard. But she was working just as hard around the country for us.”The women say their increased numbers could inject civility into a bitter and gridlocked process.“By and large, they understand that extremism — whether it’s on women’s issues or fiscal issues — we’re not going to make progress if they’re on the far ends, the fringe,” said Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.), who was reelected in November after her Republican opponent claimed that pregnancies rarely result from “legitimate rape.”“We’ve got to find that middle where we can all be a little unhappy, but we can actually get something done,” she said. Ed O’Keefe contributed to this report.A 90 year old man who just happens to be the former Speaker of the US House was denied a voter ID according to Texas's new voter ID requirements.“Nobody was ugly to us, but they insisted that they wouldn’t give me an ID,” Wright said.The legendary Texas political figure says that he has worked things out with DPS and that he will get a state-issued personal identification card in time for him to vote Tuesday in the state and local elections.But here is the real problem:“I earnestly hope these unduly stringent requirements on voters won’t dramatically reduce the number of people who vote,” Wright told the Star-Telegram. “I think they will reduce the number to some extent.”Wright and his assistant, Norma Ritchson, went to the DPS office on Woodway Drive to get a State of Texas Election Identification Certificate. Wright said he realized earlier in the week that the photo identifications he had — a Texas driver’s license that expired in 2010 and a TCU faculty ID — do not satisfy requirements of the voter ID law, enacted in 2011 by the Legislature. DPS officials concurred.Wright, who said he has voted in every election since 1944, lamented that such help is called for.“From my youth I have tried to expand the elections,” Wright said. “I pushed to abolish the poll tax. I was the first to come out for lowering the voting age to 18.”9:59 AM PT: For help with getting Voter ID the linked article suggests:For more information, voters may call the Texas secretary of state's office at 800-252-VOTE (8683) or the Tarrant County Elections Office at 817-831-VOTE (8683). Go online for more information at www.tarrantcounty.com/evote or votexas.org. 1:45 PM PT: From kossack ccafrey who can't post comments:President Obama used a very urgent tone Thursday in remarks designed to press House Republicans to pass immigration reform, calling on them at least twice to try to get it done "this year.""Let's not wait," the president said. "It doesn't get easier to just put it off. Let's do it now."Politically speaking, the president is right. The longer the immigration debate drags on, the lower the odds it will culminate in a bill on his desk.Here's why.Every day that goes by is a day closer to the 2014 midterm elections. And the months leading up to Election Day are a time for lawmakers to campaign, raise money, and do everything they can to hold on to their jobs. It's not a time for a contentious legislative debate that could complicate the fall campaign.That's why history has shown that little gets done legislatively right before the election. Members are in their districts and states more and more often and less and less willing to take risks in Congress.And immigration reform is a risky proposition for many House Republicans. Despite national polls showing the public largely in favor of overhauling the nation's laws, the calculus is often different back home. This is in large part why months after the Senate passed a sweeping bipartisan immigration bill, the House has yet to act.But that doesn't mean it won't. Republicans have already moved ahead on some piecemeal measures. And House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) said Wednesday that he was "hopeful" something could get done by the end of the year.Coming off a fiscal battle that badly damaged the Republican brand, there is, arguably, more political incentive for Boehner to act on immigration than there has been in the past. Republicans need to repair their image. Helping pass broadly popular reforms is one way to do that.But there isn't much time left on the legislative calendar this year, and it's not clear whether Boehner will bring immigration to a vote before the year is up. But this much we do know: Every day that goes by makes it increasingly difficult to pass new immigration laws.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy“I’m not going to do anything now, precipitously,” he said. “But I’m looking at this very closely…. We’re going to fill that job. Cordray is there now. He’s going to get a vote.”Reid wasn’t able to explain why he believes (or claims to believe) Cordray will ultimately be confirmed. But he alluded to the possibility that he may pursue a rules change mid-session.“Whether it’s Jeb Bush or Hillary Clinton that’s the next president, I don’t think they should have to go through what we’ve gone through here,” Reid said. “People better watch.”That's a big deal, a very big deal. It should be enough to make 51 Democrats in the Senate say "enough," and convince them to finally act.Please send an email to your Democratic senator(s) telling them to re-open filibuster reform so that we can have a functioning Senate and government.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Not everyone is a fan, though Mayor Bloomberg vows to help with the transition Biracial family of New York Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio influences his campaign Increasing visibility of de Blasio clan resonates with New Yorkers 
  Throughout Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio’s campaign for New York’s top political act, his backup band seemed to overshadow the headliner. 

  His son Dante, a sophomore at a public high school in Brooklyn, appeared prominently in campaign ads, his soaring Afro a topic of conversation in political circles. Daughter Chiara, a college freshman, out-danced the rest of the telegenic family at the West Indian Day Parade with a move they called “The Smackdown.”

  Watch the de Blasios dance “The Smackdown”

  A virtual unknown nationally despite 25 years in New York politics, de Blasio defied critics who questioned whether his experience as a city councilman from Brooklyn and, most recently, as public advocate – a sort of civic watchdog – sufficiently prepared him to run the Big Apple. He also ran Hillary Clinton’s first U.S. Senate campaign.

  But his biracial family’s increasing visibility resonated with residents of a city coping with a 21% poverty rate and increasing racial divisiveness brought on by the controversial  “stop-and-frisk” policy allowing police to search people in high-crime areas.

  “His family, just because of the racial mix, represents a big and increasingly large part of the city and speaks to certain sensibilities,” said Harold Ickes, a veteran Democratic Party operative who advised the campaign and has known de Blasio for two decades. “The family is very important to Bill… From the outside, this family represents a part of the city not represented in city government.”

  The de Blasio clan was featured prominently in commercials and campaign events. Dante, then 15, appeared in his own ad over the summer that highlighted his father’s stance against “stop-and-frisk.” Dante and his hair immediately became a social media sensation – and de Blasio began to surge in the polls.

  In addition, Chirlane McCray, a political activist who once identified herself as lesbian before marrying de Blasio, emerged as a top campaign strategist.

  5 things to know about New York’s new mayor

  DeBlasio, 52, portrayed himself as the “unapologetically progressive alternative to the Bloomberg era,” saying that the current mayor’s polices favor the rich. He repeatedly used the Dickensian phrase “a tale of two cities” to describe New York City under billionaire Mayor Michael Bloomberg. 

  The wealth inequality message appeared to have struck home with minority and low-income voters on Tuesday, giving de Blasio an advantage over Republican candidate Joe Lhota among black and Latino voters compared to white voters.

  “The city is much more racially mixed than when Bloomberg took office,” Ickes said. “A lot of people having a hard time economically are black, Hispanic and Asian and Bill spoke elegantly to that.” 

  De Blasio’s critics accused him of dividing the city along economic and racial lines, and credited “stop-and-frisk” with a sharp crime reduction during Bloomberg’s tenure. 

  Appearing on CNN’s The Lead with Jake Tapper on Wednesday, Bloomberg said he had a meeting with de Blasio and vowed to help with the transition.

  “Keep in mind, I have a big vested interest in making Bill de Blasio an even better mayor than I was,” Bloomberg said. “We built a lot.  We’ve given them a lot to work with… But the bottom line is, I’m going to live in New York City and I want Bill de Blasio’s administration to be successful and our administration to do everything to transfer everything we’ve been doing over.” 

  De Blasio, who has a bachelor’s degree from New York University and a master’s in international and public affairs from Columbia University, met McCray while working in the administration of David Dinkins, the city’s first black mayor.   

  When de Blasio delivered his acceptance speech late on Election Day, he was surrounded, like most of the campaign, by his family.

  The strapping politician, the first Democratic mayor in the largely-Democratic city in two decades, hugged son and daughter and planted a firm kiss on the lips of his wife before going on to thank the many people behind his triumph.

  “The people I’m most grateful to and most grateful for are standing next to me,” he said amid cheers and applause. “My partner in life, my best friend in the world: she is brilliant and every bit as compassionate as she is tough, the love of my life Chirlane McCray.”

  He added, “Of everything I have to feel fortunate about, I am most lucky, most blessed to be the father of two extraordinary children:  Chiara and Dante. They make me proud every single day. And, my fellow New Yorkers, they are very stylish.”

  De Blasio greeted his supporters in both Spanish and Italian. McCray introduced him: “From our family to your family, I give you the next mayor of New York City.”
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.There have been numerous examples from South Carolina's (Now) Lt. Governor Glenn McConnell posing with mock-slaves in a Civil War Uniform during the "Southern Experience" event for the National Federation of Republican Women. Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell's Celebration of "Confederate Day", Texas Governor Rick Perry's not-so-veiled threats of secession to the Rand Paul Staffer who called himself the "Confederate Avenger".[Just as an aside, I have my doubts that McConnell is actually wearing a Southern Uniform, it's Blue and that was the color of the Union Army. Edit: Nope, It's Confederate]And yet, there's more.Let's not let revisionism discolor what this was really all about.  In it's letter of Secession, which was sent immediately after the Election of President Abraham Lincoln, even before he took Office, Texas stated the following:That in this free government all white men are and of right ought to be entitled to equal civil and political rights [emphasis in the original]; that the servitude of the African race, as existing in these States, is mutually beneficial to both bond and free, and is abundantly authorized and justified by the experience of mankind, and the revealed will of the Almighty Creator, as recognized by all Christian nations; while the destruction of the existing relations between the two races, as advocated by our sectional enemies, would bring inevitable calamities upon both and desolation upon the fifteen slave-holding statesAnd now today we see more and more Tea Partiers - while also overreacting to an election they lost - slowly endorsing the legitimacy of a new secession and further - of ABSOLUTE rights of the BUSINESS OWNER over their EMPLOYEES (as well as CLIENTS) in everything from denying them a living wage and working conditions to Dictating Whether they can have access to Preventive Services in their HealthCare, impose llfetime caps, and openly discriminate against those who had the temerity to previously GET SICK.  Apparently Modern Confederate Tea Partiers think the cruelty of that system is just "Fine".Wither is Freedom then, eh?







In the last few years there have been a rising of Pro-Confederacy Groups who've written such amazing revisionist history such as this.And this happened merely because they felt they had the economic Right to continue practices such as this.
Slavery was Evil.  It was pure Economic Evil.  Human Cruelty for Wealth and Profit.  The Confederates were trying to Protect and Continue that system of Cruelty, of The THEFT of Freedom, Free Will and Choice for their own enrichment.But this is what they are, what they've always been.  They know it in their hearts, and this is why they truly FEAR - deeply in their bones - an African American President such as Barack Obama.  It is beyond their comprehension that he isn't racked with a deep desire for Vengence against Whites.How could it not be?Years later in Hawaii, when Barack was a boy living with his grandparents to attend High School in the U.S. while his mother worked overseas, his grandmother encountered a particularly aggressive beggar who frightened her.  A black beggar.  Despite knowing the character of Barack's father, and of Barack himself - she was still terrified of him because she knew and had seen in Texas the kind of cruel mis-treatment people like him had received.  She had a understanding of the righteous anger that that person could potentially feel, and she feared it.That beggar was not Mr. Reed.  But another 20 years later, it very well could have been - and he would have be duly justified in his outrage.  Gramps - Toot's husband - angrily scolded her for her reaction to the beggar, his feeling had always been the individuals are individuals not some collective mass of angst, not some open racial sore that refuses to be healed.  For all of this, Barack had a ring-side seat.  He witnessed both Yin and Yang.Unlike Toot who was sympathetic to those who suffered from bigotry, identified with their outrage - and recognized it's legitimacy - what the Modern Tea Party-Confederate feels is something worse.  Guilt!No, not their own personal guilt, but the collective guilt of centuries of cruelty.  They constantly try to wipe it away, ignore it, deflect it, disguise it, but it continues to come right back because they in their own heart of hearts simply don't believe that any Nigger should ever, EVER be called "Mr. President".It's fear driven by that guilt that also drove the Confederates, as it drives the Tea Party, and now- the Republican Party.So of course, they have to Do Anything Necessary to prevent this cruel retribution from being inflicted on the Good White people... um, I mean the American People. They have to SHUTDOWN THE GOVERNMENT, because that is the limited leverage they have with a majority in the House.They have to rail that Obamacare is a Complete and Total Failure even as Hundreds of Thousands successfully send in their applications despite initial website glitches, and are finding they can get better care for far less than they were previously spending.They have to DENY Reality, again and again and again.Obama was never a Slave.  None of his Ancestors, on his father's side, were Slaves.  Most of what he knows about what it means to be historically "Black In America" came from his White Grandparents and their experiences during the 40's and the 50's as recounted to him.  He has studied Langston Hughes and Baldwin and W.E.B. Debois to better understand the "Black Experience".  He lived it within his own skin, in LA whlie attending Occidental College, in New York while working for a Non-Profit, in Chicago working with communities to help incrimentally improve their lives.  He's seen it from just about every possible angle, and he's not racked with AngerHe's not driven to seek Devine Retribution against the Ills of the White Race.ObamaCare is not Punishment for the Wickedness of Long Dead White People.  Some of those White people, going all the way back to the Revolutionary War, are his own Ancestors.Obama is not a Kenyan.  Not a Socialist.  Not a Muslim.  Not a Mau Mau Anti-Colonialist. Not a Fist Pumping Black Power Enthusiast. He's not Mr. Reed, nor is he the Beggar.He's our American President.  He's doing the best he can, under his power, to improve the lives of All American Citizens.  As did President Lincoln before him.Some day the Tea Party-Confederates will learn that lesson.  But apparently, not today.Vyan RALEIGH, N.C. — Backed by throngs of chanting supporters, dozens of liberal demonstrators are subjecting themselves to arrest each Monday at the state legislature here to protest a flurry of bills that could transform North Carolina into a model of conservative governance.The state’s hard turn to the right comes less than five years after people took to the streets here to celebrate the 2008 victory of Barack Obama, the first Democratic presidential candidate to capture the state since Jimmy Carter in 1976. The win prompted Obama’s supporters to crow about the growing influence of progressive and minority voters not only in North Carolina but across the South.But that euphoria is now a distant memory. Since the recession hit, North Carolina has been saddled with one of the nation’s highest unemployment rates. The bad times helped prepare the way for a carefully executed strategy, with big financial support from a major conservative activist, that helped the GOP win control of both chambers of the state General Assembly in 2010.Those victories were capped last year when Republican Pat McCrory was elected governor, giving the party control of all levers of state government for the first time since 1870.The victories were aided by the strong financial support of Art Pope, a multimillionaire who spent heavily in support of the state’s GOP candidates. The Institute for Southern Studies, a North Carolina-based research organization, said Pope’s advocacy network spent $2.2 million on 22 legislative races, winning 18. Overall, conservative organizations largely supported by Pope accounted for three-fourths of the outside money spent in North Carolina legislative races in 2010, according to the institute.One of McCrory’s first acts after being elected governor was to install Pope, a former legislator, as the state budget chief. (The governor’s office declined to make Pope available for an interview.) And now, GOP lawmakers are moving swiftly to enact a long list of legislation they say is largely aimed at limiting government debt and snapping the state’s economy out of a years-long malaise.Legislators have slashed jobless benefits. They have also repealed a tax credit that supplemented the wages of low-income people, while moving to eliminate the estate tax. They have voted against expanding Medicaid to comply with the 2010 federal health-care law. The expansion would have added 500,000 poor North Carolinians to the Medicaid rolls.“Before considering Medicaid expansion, we must reform the current system to make sure people currently enrolled receive the services they need and more taxpayer dollars are not put at risk,” McCrory said in a written statement after signing a bill blocking the expansion.Lawmakers are also considering proposals to reduce and flatten income tax rates while expanding the sales tax, perhaps to even include groceries and prescription drugs — which some advocates see as a first step toward eliminating the state income tax.“North Carolina is a high-income-tax state, and we’re suffering the consequences,” said Senate President Pro Tempore Phil Berger (R). “Our unemployment rate is the fifth worst in the country, and our high tax rates are hindering economic growth and pushing jobs to our neighbors.”There are also measures pending to require drug testing for low-income people applying for job training and welfare benefits.Other GOP-controlled legislatures have passed or considered similar measures in the wake of the recession. Florida, Missouri and Michigan are among the states that have slashed jobless benefits. Texas, Louisiana and Wisconsin are among at least 15 states not participating in the Medicaid expansion called for in the Affordable Care Act. And West Virginia, Kansas and Texas are among the states where legislators have proposed bills requiring drug testing for welfare recipients.The North Carolina House has passed a law requiring voters to have a government-issued identification card, and legislators are considering bills to roll back the state’s law allowing same-day voter registration and to sharply limit early voting — measures that supporters of the current law say were integral to the high turnout of minority voters in the past several elections.“I don’t know that there is a state that has as many regressive policies on tap,” said Penda Hair, co-director of Advancement Project, a Washington-based civil rights group that is considering a lawsuit challenging changes to the state’s voting laws.Liberals may be up in arms, but North Carolina conservatives are applauding the new direction of the General Assembly. After the state Senate unveiled its tax reform plan this month, the state chapter of Americans for Prosperity released a poll that it said showed widespread support across the state. Nearly two-thirds of respondents said the state tax code is in need of reform, and nearly half backed moving to totally eliminate the personal income tax within four years. “The poll results show a clear desire for bold tax relief and reform that gets North Carolina back in the game for jobs and business,” said Dallas Woodhouse, state director of Americans for Prosperity in North Carolina.The legislative effort has mobilized liberals who see North Carolina as a laboratory for conservative ideas propelled nationwide by the money of a handful of key patrons. They note that many of the initiatives being pursued by legislators here have long been championed by a network of conservative organizations supported by Pope and billionaire activists Charles and David Koch, including Americans for Prosperity and the American Legislative Exchange Council. “Most of the laws that take us backwards do not come out of Congress but out of state legislatures,” said the Rev. William J. Barber II, head of the North Carolina chapter of the NAACP. “Conservative forces here have gone all out to implement these policies and to lock in their power by changing the voting laws.”In an effort that resurrects some of the tactics of the civil rights movement, Barber has led a growing, multiracial campaign of civil disobedience intended to draw attention to the changes being pursued by legislators.This past week, more than 600 demonstrators, some waving placards and singing freedom songs, gathered outside the North Carolina Legislative Building for the fourth “Moral Mondays” protest.With the crowd behind them, 57 protesters walked inside the building and stood in front of the large brass doors leading to the Senate chamber. The demonstrators — pastors, students, college professors and senior citizens among them — were arrested and led away in plastic handcuffs. They joined a group of more than 100 North Carolina residents who had been arrested and jailed in three previous protests.“This leadership wants to make our state a place of deeper stratification and inequality,” Barber said.In the coming weeks, Barber plans to move the protests from the doorstep of the legislature to the home districts of the lawmakers through a series of 25 town meetings.But, as it stands, there is very little opponents can do to alter the will of the governing majority — something many of the protesters acknowledge.“My hope is two-pronged,” said Derick Smith, an instructor at North Carolina A&T University who was arrested several weeks ago during a protest. “You want to bring attention to what’s happening. And you’ve got to hope that the governor will listen and back away from some of the more divisive provisions.”AdvertisementSupported byBy David W. ChenNew York City’s largest union, Local 1199 of the Service Employees International Union, has decided to throw its considerable political weight and grass-roots muscle behind Public Advocate Bill de Blasio in the contest for mayor.The endorsement, which was approved on Friday and will be formally announced at a City Hall news conference on Monday, represents labor’s most significant move yet in what is shaping up as a wide-open Democratic primary.Union leaders said bluntly that their decision, which came a month earlier than anticipated, was aimed at nudging other wavering unions into Mr. de Blasio’s column. The union’s 150-member executive council backed Mr. de Blasio in a unanimous vote — something that has not happened, in any citywide primary, in at least 20 years. The union represents 200,000 health care workers, most of whom are African-American. In an interview, George Gresham, the union’s president, and Kevin Finnegan, its political director, said Mr. de Blasio was an easy choice because of his emphasis on working-class New Yorkers and his “potential to be a big unifier.”They cited, in particular, his concerns about the Police Department’s stop-and-frisk practice, which critics say discriminates against blacks and Hispanics, and his advocacy for legislation to require that many businesses offer paid time off to sick employees.Even though candidates prize endorsements from labor unions, their value is hard to determine. In the past, many unions have sided with losing candidates, and in mayoral campaigns especially, union members may vote in accordance with their own political instincts, rather than hewing to the recommendations of their union. But this year, with all of the Democratic candidates vowing to participate in a public financing system with relatively low spending limits, labor’s support could be crucial.The leaders of 1199 vowed to work harder than they have for any other local candidate in many years to help Mr. de Blasio win, and said they were considering participating in a “super PAC” to spend money on the race. “We wanted to send a strong signal: De Blasio was so far ahead of everyone else it was really a race to the bottom,” Mr. Gresham said.Mr. Finnegan added, “We plan on a massive effort.”News of the endorsement caps a strong week for Mr. de Blasio. He reported raising the maximum amount of money allowed for the primary under the city’s voluntary public matching funds program. He also picked up the endorsements of yet another celebrity (Russell Simmons) and progressive group (New York Communities for Change).By some measures, the 1199 endorsement is not a major surprise, because of Mr. de Blasio’s deep ties to the union, which go back 25 years. But the union’s sheer size and political operation could intensify the pressure on the three other major unions whose endorsements are coveted: those representing building employees (Local 32BJ of the S.E.I.U.), hotel workers (Hotel Trades Council) and teachers (United Federation of Teachers).In an interview, Mr. de Blasio said he was buoyed by the support.“This is one of the progressive consciences of New York City, and we really share a set of core values on social justice and economic fairness,” he said. “I don’t think anyone on any side would doubt that this is a game-changer, a watershed moment, because they are so good and so large. They would not support someone this early and unanimously unless they thought I could win.”AdvertisementThe morning after the President actually discussed climate change in the State of the Union address, a group of prominent people are heading to the White House to risk arrest in a call on the President to live up to those words on the need to act on climate change.  The Keystone XL pipeline, in and of itself, isn't enough to 'cook the planet' -- it is, however, a key tool to foster expanded production of Canadian Tar Sands. And, along with failures to reduce coal consumption, that expanded production could be enough (even without considering all other issues) to hammer in the last nail on the potential for humanity to avert catastrophic climate chaos.Today's Tar Sands Action will have 50 prominent American leaders (see here for list with quotes from most as to why they are willing to be handcuffed and hauled to prison) from a range of domains.Civil disobedience is the response of ordinary people to extraordinary injustices. Americans have righted the wrongs of our society – slavery, child labor, suffrage, segregation, and inequality for gays and immigrant workers – with creative nonviolent resistance.Climate change threatens the health and security of all Americans, and action proportional to the problem is required–now.You "must do more".I appreciated science writer Greg Laden's commentary:So, people are taking to the streets.The president can’t work miracles by himself. An obstructionist Congress stands in the way of progress and innovation. But President Obama has the executive authority and the mandate from the American people to stand up to the fossil fuel industry, and to reject the Keystone XL tar sands pipeline right now.And we’re here to show something else—that the movement for a clean energy revolution is a broad and powerful one. In 2011 we were moved by the 1,253 Americans who went jail to protest Keystone in the biggest civil disobedience action in many years in this country. Today we are 50 people at the White House representing millions of Americans in every state, in every community. Today we risk arrest because a global crisis unfolds before our eyes. We have the solutions to this climate crisis. We have a moral obligation to stand stand for immediate, bold action to solve climate disruption. We can do it, and we will.IT IS TIME TO TAKE A STANDPlease join tens of thousands of Americans on the National Mall in Washington, DC on Feb. 17 from 12:00 pm-4:00 pm to urge President Barack Obama to take immediate action on Climate Change.  President Obama has now listed Climate Change as an important part of his second term agenda. Legislative proposals and debate will occur in Congress.  President Obama can take executive action to move Forward on Climate now; he can reject the toxic Keystone XL tar sands pipeline.  A recent study in Canada has linked tar sands with cancer, something First Nations groups have reported for years - with the result being increased cancer rates, deformed wildlife, and a variety of other negative impacts. President Obama can also direct the Environmental Protection Agency to set carbon standards for power plants.Let your voice be heard.SIGN UP TO SUPPORT THE "FORWARD ON CLIMATE" RALLY IN WASHINGTON, DC ON FEBRUARY 17THOur Daily Kos community organizers (Patriot Daily News Clearinghouse, citisven, boatsie, JekyllnHyde, rb137, and peregrine kate) coordinated this blogathon with Bill McKibben of 350.org to help spread the word.

7:30 am: Keystone XL pipeline is not in the U.S. National Interest by A Siegel.
11:00 am: Forward on Climate: Time to Take a Stand! by citisven.
1:00 pm: Keystone XL Would Feed Superstorm Risk by Shaye Wolf, Climate Science Director for Center for Biological Diversity.
3:00 pm: Van Jones, President and Co-Founder of Rebuild the Dream. (will be rescheduled)
4:00 pm: Forward on Climate: 350 Silicon Valley...A Call to Action by Glen the Plumber.
5:00 pm: The Frog in the Boiling Water is Singing Outside My Window - Climate Change in a Microcosm by Kitsap River.7:00 am: Climate Change SOS: Alberta Tar Sands: Canada dumped its Kyoto targets by Roger Fox.
11:00 am: Why We March by Allison Fisher, Outreach Director for Public Citizen's Energy Program.
1:00 pm: We Did Not Come This Far to Turn Around Now #ForwardOnClimate by Rev. Lennox Yearwood Jr., President of the Hip Hop Caucus.
3:00 pm: The Credibility of the Anti-Climate Change Science Industry by gregladen.
5:00 pm: Don't Date Denialists! — Relationship Advice From The Climate Letter Project (and more!) by WarrenS.11:00 am: Jeremy Bloom.
1:00 pm: Congressman Ed Markey, Democratic Candidate for 2013 United States Senate MA Special Election.
3:00 pm: FishOutofWater.
5:00 pm: Roger Fox.11:00 am: Marty Cobenais (Ojibwe), U.S. Pipeline & Heavy Haul Resistance Organizer for Indigenous Environmental Network. Liveblogging with Tom Goldtooth (Dine' and Dakota), Executive Director of IEN and Oglala Sioux Tribal Vice President Tom Poor Bear.
1:00 pm: rb137.
3:00 pm: James Wells.
5:00 pm: jlms qkw.10:00 am: Phaedra Ellis-Lamkins, Chief Executive Officer of Green For All.
11:00 am: Agathena.
3:00 pm: DWG.
5:00 pm: JekyllnHyde.Please remember to republish these diaries to your Daily Kos Groups.  You can also follow all postings by clicking this link for the Climate Change SOS Blogathon Group.  Then, click 'Follow' and that will make all postings show up in 'My Stream' of your Daily Kos page.The US aviation regulator has announced the six states that will host sites for testing commercial use of drones.The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) picked Alaska, Nevada, New York, North Dakota, Texas and Virginia.The sites are part of a programme to develop safety and operational rules for drones by the end of 2015.Hitherto mainly used by the military, the potential of drones is now being explored by everyone from real estate agents to farmers or delivery services.The head of the FAA, Michael Huerta, said safety would be the priority as it considers approval for unleashing the unmanned aircraft into US skies. Pilots will be notified through routine announcements about where drones are being flown.The FAA said in a statement that its decision followed a 10-month process involving proposals from 24 states.The agency said it had considered geography, climate, location of ground infrastructure, research needs, airspace use, aviation experience and risk.The sites chosen are:The biggest chunk of the growth in the commercial drone industry is currently expected to be for agriculture and law enforcement. Police and other emergency services could use them for crowd control, taking crime scene photos or for search and rescue missions.It can cost a police department hundreds of dollars an hour to deploy a helicopter, while an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) can be sent into the skies for as little as $25.Farmers, meanwhile, might find it easier to spray crops or survey livestock with the pilotless aircraft. The FAA estimates as many as 7,500 aircraft could be in the air five years after widespread airspace access is made legal.However, the commercial use of drones has drawn criticism from both conservatives and liberals.   In a report last December, the American Civil Liberties Union said that giving drones access to US skies would only ensure "our every move is monitored, tracked, recorded and scrutinised by the authorities".But lawmakers from winning states were delighted with the selections. "This is wonderful news for Nevada that creates a huge opportunity for our economy," said Senator Harry Reid, a Democrat from Nevada.An industry-commissioned study predicted more than 70,000 jobs  - including drone operators - would develop in the first three years after Congress loosens drone restrictions on US skies.The same study, conducted by the Teal Group research firm, found that the worldwide commercial drone market could top $89bn in the next decade. Can drones appeal to the masses?Rise of the drone hobbyistsEnthusiasts say sky's the limitAmazon testing drones for deliveriesDrones used by jail smugglers Federal Aviation AdministrationPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'9Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.But now the secret is out. On May 29, the Romney Readiness Project, the Republican candidate’s transition organization known as R2P,  published a 138-page report detailing how it prepared for a potential Romney victory.• Corporate-style training seminars were planned for appointees and nominees before the inauguration to teach management skills.
• A plan to restructure White House operations to suit Romney’s corporate management style, with clear deliverables.
• Detailed flow charts delineating how information and decisions were disseminated through the administration to achieve “unity.”The White House as holding company, though–gonna be seeing that one in my nightmares. Now I know how the people in Russia felt when that meteor whizzed over their heads.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News A man who spent a lifetime putting his name on things is rebranding himself as a number, and marketing experts are intrigued.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALfirst byte timeoutDetails: cache-pao17467-PAO 1617659692 306898639Varnish cache server As Chicago's annual Pride Parade wound its way through the North Side on Sunday, onlookers said there was something sweetly historic about this year's celebration of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community. Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court cleared the way for gay marriages to resume in California and struck down part of the Defense of Marriage Act that withheld federal benefits from married same-sex couples. Among the thousands who marched through the city's Uptown, Lakeview and Lincoln Park neighborhoods, some dressed up as judges, and others held signs thanking the court. Many thousands more on the sidewalks — the police crowd estimate of more than 1 million made it the best-attended Chicago Pride Parade ever — were equally enthusiastic. "We thought we'd never see it in our lifetime," said Bob Miezin, 64, who drove down from Milwaukee to take in the event with a longtime friend. Miezin recalled that being gay in the 1970s was "very secretive and secluded," a sharp contrast with Sunday's raucous crowd, where a mostly younger group of men and women openly celebrated their sexuality and reveled in the high court's rulings. Chrissy Aupke, 18, showed up with two friends six hours before the parade began and painted a rainbow pattern over her eyelids. From her spot on the sidewalk near the starting line, Aupke, who identified herself as pansexual, said she was witnessing history by being at a parade that so closely followed a significant milestone in the gay rights movement. "I feel like this is going to be in the textbooks," said the recent high school graduate from west suburban Lombard. For some, the joy over the Supreme Court rulings was tempered by frustration that Illinois doesn't allow gay couples to wed. The state Senate passed a bill in February to legalize gay marriage, but the House did not vote on it before the spring session adjourned. The state does, however, allow same-sex civil unions. "I'm really disappointed in Illinois," Aupke said. "The politicians didn't speak up for what we believe in, for the people of this state." Some expected the Illinois politicians who marched in Sunday's parade to get a cold reception, but most were greeted with reactions ranging from polite applause to enthusiastic embrace. Mayor Rahm Emanuel, who supports gay marriage, received a loud ovation. Gov. Pat Quinn, marching behind a banner urging legislators to send him a bill that would legalize gay marriage, also was greeted with hearty applause. Despite disappointment with the state's General Assembly, many at the parade said they sense momentum behind their cause that makes it only a matter of time before gay marriage is legalized in Illinois and the other states where it has yet to be approved. Significant opposition to gay marriage remains in Illinois, where Roman Catholic Cardinal Francis George, archbishop of Chicago, and other religious leaders have stated publicly that marriage should be limited to heterosexual couples, a position shared by many conservative lawmakers. And while older participants like Miezin could attest to the increasing acceptance of homosexuality, Cecil Gunderson, 34, said there remains quite a bit of difference between attitudes on Halsted Street and in her hometown of Bloomington, Ill. "We can be gay in public (in Chicago), and no one cares," said Gunderson, a chef who attended the event with her girlfriend. "You can't walk down the street holding your girlfriend's hand in Bloomington. They'll kick your ass." Joe Wibbels, an attorney who lives in Louisville, Ky., said this year's parade was distinctly different than the ones he witnessed as a Chicago resident in the 1990s, when he said it was mostly white men. "It's very diverse," he said of the day's crowd of gay and straight, and male and female members of all races. "It's good to see all the young people as well." Spectators sat on lawn chairs or anywhere else they could find an open spot — one man watched from atop a light post on Halsted. The official crowd estimate topped last year's 850,000, then the record high. Toward the northern end of the parade route, where the crowd was more sedate, Jeffrey Parsons, of Rogers Park, celebrated his 22nd Chicago Pride Parade and offered bottled water to passers-by. Parsons, 46, and the group he was with waved signs asking lawmakers to "Call the vote" on the gay marriage bill. But more than anything, Parsons said, he sensed progress Sunday. "I came out 26 years ago with a lot of feelings of shame and was absolutely persecuted. My belief is DOMA and Prop 8 goes deeper than marriage," Parsons said, invoking the legal names of the federal and California laws that the Supreme Court ruled on last week. "It goes to a sense of me feeling less shame." geoffz@tribune.com mitsmith@tribune.comCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune (CNN) - Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri announced her support for same-sex marriage on Monday, joining high-profile names on both sides of the aisle who have endorsed the right for gay couples to legally wed. "I have come to the conclusion that our government should not limit the right to marry based on who you love," she wrote on her Tumblr page. "While churches should never be required to conduct marriages outside of their religious beliefs, neither should the government tell people who they have a right to marry."

[twitter-follow screen_name='politicalticker'] [twitter-follow screen_name='KilloughCNN']Her public endorsement comes as the Supreme Court is set to hear oral arguments this week on challenges to Proposition 8, the voter-approved same-sex marriage ban in California, as well as the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), a 1996 congressional law that says for federal purposes, marriage is defined as only between one man and one woman.Republican Sen. Rob Portman also reversed his stance on the issue and announced his support earlier this month, citing his gay son as a big reason for his change of heart. Last week, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also publicly backed the issue. And in February, a chorus of prominent Republicans, including former GOP presidential candidate Jon Huntsman, signed onto an amicus brief that advocated for the Supreme Court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage. McCaskill, who was recently sworn into a second term and is not up for re-election until 2018, says her views have "changed over time" "As many of my gay and lesbian friends, colleagues and staff embrace long term committed relationships, I find myself unable to look them in the eye without honestly confronting this uncomfortable inequality," she wrote, adding that her decision is "simply the right thing to do."McCaskill was considered one of the most vulnerable Democrats in 2012 but survived re-election after her Republican opponent, Rep. Todd Akin, made controversial comments about rape. The senator, in posting her announcement, also cited a Bible verse: I Corinthians 13, which says "And now abide faith, hope, love, these three; but the greatest of these is love.""Good people disagree with me," she wrote. "On the other hand, my children have a hard time understanding why this is even controversial. I think history will agree with my children."- CNN's Alison Harding contributed to this report.
mikie 2000She forgot Leviticus 18:22..; "Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination." Another political hack...anything for a vote.
------------------–
You've forgotten the right wing rallying cry, "Keep governement out of our lives."
You've forgotten all about separation of church and state.
You've forgotten that "separate but equal" was deemd unconstitutional decades ago by the SCOTUS.I hope more Senators and Representatives follow in her footsteps, and that all Americans can soon marry the one they love, regardless of their sexual orientations.mikie 2000 said, "She forgot Leviticus 18:22..; "Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination." Another political hack...anything for a vote."
---------
I believe it is Leviticus that also condemns wearing 2 different types of material, e.g., wool and cotton, at the same time.  Ever eat shellfish or pork, mikie?  That's prohibited, too.  If you want to live by the Old Testament,  you need to obey all of it.  Or, you could live in the 21st century.  Your choice.V magI agree totally.
Great answer!!!!!Giving them the right  to marry is fine with me, my point was, please dont try to cite scripture to justify your belief, and your timing for becoming devout is comical, campaigning already? i just feel as though when using scripture to validate this, just dilutes the bible, and christianity in general. imoAll that needs to happen is to not call it marriage it is a homo sexual partnership and that what it should be call .all the trouble starts when you call it marriage.
 Give it a name Adam call it by its name homo sexual partnership. You can give it right under that name.V-mag, you are so good. No point in me making a comment because you nailed it. Two thumbs up.old testament yes, but, the physical science should give pause, if we were meant to be gay, we would be a sexual.Well said, Sen. McCaskill. And when will so many American conservatives, who supposedly believe in small government and individual liberties, get around their duplicity as regards this issue?I absolutely support gay marriage – but, politicians make me sick.lanchealotAs the Country runs down the path to immoral bliss, pretty soon it is going to hit a bump and crash in to a Tree.You doomsday experts screamed about the wrath of God, tidal waves of destruction,
burning in hell....ect....ect....ect...Guess what ?
Massachussetts is still here.
So Is Iowa, and New York, and .....get the drift ?You need a new line.Good good. A lot of these people probably supported it back in the 90s but couldn't say back then. Good to see times changing.And i suppose a child raised by a gay couple has no more gender confusion, propensity to become gay than a child raised conventionally? among other issues?Myth
Homosexuals Do Not Enjoy Rights Like Other Citizens.Response: As Americans, homosexuals are entitled to equal rights, not special rights. Their behavior based lifestyle does not qualify for privileged minority status under the U.S. law. All individuals; good, bad, homosexual, or whatever, are protected under the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights. As a class, the courts have repeatedly denied homosexuals their claim to "insular and discreet" minority status, quotas and affirmative action. Homosexuality is a behavior, not a race. Homosexuality is defined by the act of sodomy (sex with members of the same sex). Homosexuals fight for protection by drawing an analogy between themselves and African Americans before the civil rights movement, and by presenting themselves as severely persecuted. Is the analogy reasonable? People of color cannot abandon their color the way many homosexuals have abandoned their perverse lifestyle. Protection of homosexuals is based on behavior held as immoral by the majority of people. An African American or a Caucasian can be either morally upright or morally corrupt; a practicing homosexual seeks social sanction of inherently illicit activities, not of an immutable or constitutionally recognized trait.IN ORDER FOR A GROUP TO MEET MINORITY STATUES ACCORDING
TO UNITED STATES LAW THEY MUST MEET THREE QUALIFICATIONS.
HOMOSEXUALS DO NOT FULFILL ANY OF THEM!1. The class must have suffered a history of discrimination which is evidenced by the lack of ability to obtain economic mean income, adequate education and be deprived of cultural opportunities.Table 2. The Wall Street Journal reported the results of a nationwide marketing study
about discrimination. The results prove homosexuals have not been discriminated against.
Issue	                                                         Black Americans	Homosexual Americans
Average Household Income	                     12,166	$55,430
% College Grads	                                            5%	60%
% Management	                                              1%	49%
Taken Overseas Vacation	                              1%	66%
Refused the Right to Vote	                               Yes	No
Legally Segregated	                                               Yes	No
Legally Denied Access to Public Bathrooms	       Yes	No
Legally Denied Access to Business	               Yes	No2. The class must exhibit obvious, immutable or distinguishable characteristics that define them as an insular and discrete group.
**There is no way distinguish a homosexual from a heterosexual. There has never been confirmed evidence of the existence of a "homosexual gene."3. The class must show they are politically powerless.
** In 1992 election, homosexual activists donated $3.4 million to President Clinton’s campaign and supplied many other campaigns with volunteers and contributions.... I didn't read any of that Leviticus stuff in the ConstitutionWASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate pushed toward a historic vote on legislation outlawing workplace discrimination against gay, bisexual and transgender Americans, demonstrating the nation's quickly evolving attitude toward gay rights nearly two decades after Congress rejected same-sex marriage.All 55 members of the Democratic majority, including senators from the Deep South, and several Republicans were expected to unite on Thursday in backing the Employment Non-Discrimination Act. Sen. John McCain, the GOP's presidential nominee in 2008, signaled his conditional support on Wednesday."It is time for Congress to pass a federal law that ensures all our citizens - regardless of where they live - can go to work unafraid to be who they are," said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., who urged House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, to reconsider his opposition.The enthusiasm of the bill's supporters was tempered by the reality that the Republican-led House, where conservatives have a firm grip on the agenda, is unlikely to even vote on the legislation. Boehner maintains his longstanding opposition to the measure, arguing that it is unnecessary and certain to create costly, frivolous lawsuits for businesses. Outside conservative groups have cast the bill as anti-family.In the Senate, opponents of the legislation remained mute through three days of debate, with no lawmaker speaking out. That changed on Thursday as Republican Sen. Dan Coats of Indiana said the legislation would force employers to violate their religious beliefs, a direct counter to rights embodied in the Constitution."There's two types of discrimination here we're dealing with, and one of those goes to the very fundamental right granted to every American through our Constitution, a cherished value of freedom of expression and religion," Coats said.The Senate rejected an amendment sponsored by Republican Sen. Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania that would have expanded the number of groups that are covered under the religious exemption. Opponents argued that it would undermine the core bill.Senate passage would be a major victory for gay rights advocates in a momentous year for the issue. The Supreme Court in June affirmed gay marriage and granted federal benefits to legally married same-sex couples. In the heartland, Illinois is on the verge of becoming the 15th state to legalize gay marriage, along with the District of Columbia."I hope that we are on the verge of making history tomorrow by passing this bill with a strong vote," Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, said Wednesday. "I then hope that our colleagues on the House side will follow suit and that we can see this bill signed into law."If the House fails to act on the bill, gay rights advocates are likely to press President Barack Obama to act unilaterally and issue an executive order barring anti-gay workplace discrimination by federal contractors.Through three days of Senate debate, backers of the bill repeatedly described it as an issue of fairness some 50 years after Congress passed and President Lyndon Johnson signed the Civil Rights Act."It is well past time that we, as elected representatives, ensure that our laws protect against discrimination in the workplace for all individuals, that we ensure ... some protections for those within the LGBT community," said Sen. Lisa Murkowski, R-Alaska, who described the diversity in her state.Murkowski's support underscored the generational shift. Seventeen years ago, when a bill dealing with discrimination based on sexual orientation failed by one vote in the Senate, the senator's father, Frank, voted against it. That was the same year that Congress passed and President Bill Clinton signed the Defense of Marriage Act.Current federal law prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex, race and national origin. But it doesn't stop an employer from firing or refusing to hire workers because they are gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender.The bill would bar employers with 15 or more workers from using a person's sexual orientation or gender identity as the basis for making employment decisions, including hiring, firing, compensation or promotion. It would exempt religious institutions and the military.By voice vote Wednesday, the Senate approved an amendment from Republican Sens. Rob Portman of Ohio and Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire that would prevent federal, state and local governments from retaliating against religious groups that are exempt from the law.The Senate planned to vote Thursday on an amendment by Sen. Pat Toomey, R-Pa., to expand the number of groups that are covered under the religious exemption.Likely Senate approval of the overall bill reflects the nation's growing tolerance of gays and the GOP's political calculation as it looks for supporters beyond its core base of older voters. A Pew Research survey in June found that more Americans said homosexuality should be accepted rather than discouraged by society by a margin of 60 percent to 31 percent. Opinions were more evenly divided 10 years ago.Deep-pocketed Republican-leaning groups such as the American Unity Fund, which counts on hedge fund billionaires and Mitt Romney donors as well as former Republican lawmakers, pushed for the legislation.Twenty-two states and the District of Columbia have approved laws banning workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, and 17 of those also prohibit employers from discriminating based on gender identity.About 88 percent of Fortune 500 companies have adopted nondiscrimination policies that include sexual orientation, according to the Human Rights Campaign. About 57 percent of those companies include gender identity."TWD" showrunner Angela Kang speaks with Insider about Hilarie Burton's casting and wanting to do this episode since the graphic novel debuted.A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Clapping began in various parts of the main city Yangon at 5 p.m. (1030 GMT) in response to a call by protest organisers, residents said.  The gesture would honour "Ethnic Armed Organisations and Gen Z defence youths from Myanmar including Yangon who are fighting in the revolution... on behalf of us," Ei Thinzar Maung, a protest leader, wrote on Facebook.  Despite the killing of at least 564 people by the security forces since the Feb. 1 coup, protesters have come out across the country every day to voice opposition to the overthrow of the elected government led by Aung San Suu Kyi and the return of military rule.The early returns certainly look good for the Baltimore Orioles.  For the Boston Red Sox, it looks a lot like last season.  Boston fell to its first 0-3 start at Fenway Park since 1948 and the second ever for the Red Sox as Trey Mancini and Austin Hays hit two-run doubles during a seven-run third inning that carried the Orioles over Boston 11-3 Sunday.Shohei Ohtani has 'general soreness' after getting into a home-plate collision. Jared Walsh later hits a walk-off home run in the Angels' 7-4 win.The US Supreme Court has handed Google a major win in a decade-long battle over copied code.Fans were quick to react to the news on social media.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Seasonal trends typical of other respiratory viruses don’t seem to apply to the coronavirus.I am surprised that no one has mentioned this here in a diary I've been able to find. Some will say I am beating a dead horse, but I don't care. Follow me below for details of Obama's invitation to yet another homophobe to speak at the Inauguration.One of the original stories is at here AlternetFollowing McClurkin, I was very angry with Obama. Then came Warren. But apparently Obama/the inaugural team haven't learned anything:From above Alternet piece:So let me address the naysayers now:- But Obama has done so much for LGBT rights, it's just a speaker at the InaugurationUm, first, if you are trying to make improving LGBT rights a cornerstone of your presidency, you don't have to spit in the eye of the people you are supposedly trying to help. This is a PERSONAL choice. Hagel I can somewhat justify because there are other plusses to his candidacy. This is Obama picking yet another bigot when there could be much better choices out there who were/are not so vehemently anti-gayAlso, when will he get past this bullshit of making in-roads with these people? These people will always vote against him and his agenda. Why give the marquee moment to a hater- But, but he said those things long agoYeah, and those are the seeds of hatred which were sown in the very people today who support discrimination against LGBT people.Also, if Shirley Sherrod is up for scrutiny for what she didn't even say, Hagel for his homophobic remarks, they why should this guy not be held accountable, as would anything with a history of anti-African American, anti-woman, anti-Hispanic, anti-  remarks. Yeah, the times are changing and its time for the haters and the Vichy apologists to be held accountable for hating when it was a much bigger trend.And for what it's worth, I am against Hagel ALSO for this reason. As Maddow pointed out, there will be many, many issues involving LGBT people in the military coming up. So he should answer for his bigotry then. Yet another reason why he is a bad choice.- But, but, Obama has a GAY CUBAN poet speakingAnd this argument pisses me off most of all. In Obama and Co's mind, if you put up a minority group, that cancels out, makes ok having the hater up there. No, it doesn't. You don't have a "mixed program" by putting up people who have advanced society, like Ms. Evers and those who have held it back. Once again, we'll likely have an inauguration with the usual symbolic winks and nods to the LGBT community while the hater gets a front row seat.Starting off Obama II in a sucky way, like he started off Obama I. Except he can't blame Boehner for this one. A fucking huge disappointment.House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, suddenly an expert on the Constitution, said on Wednesday that she and Barack Obama are “honoring the Constitution” in their attacks on the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA). Pelosi pontificated:And given a choice I think we would all say we’re honoring, as the president does, the Constitution. When you pass a bill in the House, as we did with the health care bill, we made it iron clad constitutionally. You have a responsibility to honor the Constitution. In fact, we take an oath to do just that, and that is the oath that President Obama is upholding.Attacking the GOP’s support for the Defense of Marriage Act, Pelosi whined:We weigh equities. Congress passes a bill. It’s questionable in terms of constitutionality. There’s no question about your oath to the Constitution of the United States, and the behavior of the Republicans in the House of Representatives on this subject has been so irresponsible. First of all, why in this time would you pass a bill that increases discrimination? We’re going in the direction of the arc of Justice [Henry L.] Benning in favor of more justice, not more discrimination. Why would you do such a thing in the first place? And then when it is questioned in terms of its constitutionality to spend money in the tune of millions outside the regular order of how that money should be spent to defend increasing discrimination in our society, it’s just plain wrong. And given a choice I think we would all say we’re honoring, as the president does, the Constitution.Pelosi boasted of her home city’s influence in the assault on traditional values, claiming that same-sex marriage is “inevitable.” She continued:From our beautiful place in San Francisco, the city of St. Francis, we knew that it was inevitable that all of this would happen. It was inconceivable to others that it would, and it was our job to use whatever influence we could have to shorten the distance between the inevitable and the inconceivable. And I think that’s what’s happening at the court because of many people’s courage, especially those directly, personally affected.PoliticsCongressDefenseNancy Pelosi.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartNote: We originally posted this item on April 5. We're resurfacing it now, in light of Sen. Lisa Murkowski's Wednesday announcement that she supports gay marriage. With the Supreme Court expected to rule soon on cases involving gay marriage, the issue is front and center once again. So, it's worth revisiting which Senate Republican might be next to follow in the footsteps of Murkowski and Sens. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) and Mark Kirk (R-Ill.). We've taken Murkowski off the list, and reached out to the offices of the remaining senators on it. We will update with any change in position. On the Democratic side, there are currently three senators who have not come out in support of gay marriage: Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana, and Joe Manchin of West Virginia. Since we first posted this item, Sen. Tim Johnson (D-S.D.) announced his support for gay marriage. We've updated the post to reflect that. Original post:Earlier this week, we took a look at the few remaining Senate Democratic holdouts (the list has shrunk by three since it was published) who had yet to express support for gay marriage. What about Senate Republicans? Only two have come out in favor of same-sex marriage. Who might the next one be?Below, we offer our best educated guesses based upon two overarching factors: The 2010 vote to end the military’s “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy that prevented gays from serving openly, and the political tilt of the states represented by Senate Republicans. We take a closer look at GOP senators who voted for repeal of DADT, and/or come from states carried twice by President Obama. The list — which is presented in order of most to least likely — is meant to start the conversation, not as a definitive rundown set in stone. Agree/disagree with any names? As always, the comments section awaits.1) Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine): Like Murkowski, Collins is a moderate who voted to repeal DADT. She also comes from a state Obama carried twice. Collins says the issue of marriage should be dealt with at the state level. "I've always felt that domestic relations, including marriage, should be dealt with at the state level," she recently told the Associated Press. “My philosophy has been to stay out of state issues." That’s not an endorsement of same-sex marriage, but it doesn’t mean she won’t offer one in the future. Also, Collins's former Republican Senate colleague, Olympia Snowe, declared her support for same-sex marriage Friday.2) Sen. Richard Burr (R-N.C.): Burr unexpectedly voted to repeal DADT, after first backing an effort to filibuster the measure. He explained at the time that he didn’t think the timing was right for repeal, but that after the filibuster had was stymied, he decided to support it. "This is, I think, a policy that generationally is right,” he told the Hill newspaper of his feelings about repeal at the time.  He recently told local news outlet WRAL that his "personal opinion" is that marriage  is "between a man and a woman, but my role is not to influence what people believe in the state I live in or what the state does that I live in." It's worth noting that Burr's colleague in the Senate, Democrat Kay Hagan, recently announced support for same-sex marriage.3) Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.): Ayotte comes from a state that Obama won twice and gay marriage is legal. “Ultimately I do think this is a matter for the states and states should decide how to define marriage. New Hampshire’s already made that decision and I respect the decision," she recently told New Hampshire Public Radio. Ayotte hasn't shown any signs that she is moving toward supporting gay marriage, but it's worth keeping an eye on lawmakers from New Hampshire, a state with a history of pols with independent streaks.4) Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.): Toomey wasn’t in the Senate for the DADT vote, but he expressed support for repeal as senator-elect. Like many of the names on this list, he comes from a state carried twice by Obama. “Senator Toomey believes that the tradition of marriage is sacred and is best defined as between a man and a woman. He does realize that there are many Americans who feel strongly about this issue and support marriage for same-sex couples. The input of Pennsylvanians is therefore valued when Congress reviews legislation addressing same-sex marriage,” said a Toomey spokesperson.5) Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.): Johnson also comes from a state Obama carried twice, and his Senate colleague from Wisconsin is Tammy Baldwin, the nation’s first openly gay senator. “People have strong and deeply-held opinions about marriage and family because they are central to our society. I believe that we should continue to leave it up to the people – acting through the states – to set guidelines. The federal government should not override the choices of any one community in an attempt to impose a national standard, but should respect the rights of the people and the states,” Johnson said in a statement.There are three other Republican senators hailing from states that Obama won twice who have not declared support for gay marriage. While they are also worth keeping an eye on, there is less reason to believe they will support same-sex marriage in the near future.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is one, but it’s hard to imagine him shifting on this issue since he’s viewed as a potential presidential contender and would have to appeal to conservatives if he runs. He recently said in a speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference, "just because I believe that states should have the right to define marriage in a traditional way does not make me a bigot."Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.) is another one, but he voted against the repeal of DADT in the House. “Senator Heller supports traditional marriage, and believes this is an issue that should be decided on a state level,” said spokesman Chandler Smith.Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) is a third Senate Republican from a state Obama won twice. Grassley voted against ending DADT and hasn’t changed his view about marriage so far. “Senator Grassley opposes same-sex marriage. His position has not changed,” said spokeswoman Beth Levine.Of the eight Republican senators who voted to end DADT, only four are still in the Senate: Burr, Collins, Kirk and Murkowski.One other GOP senator to keep an eye on is the chamber's newest member: Jeff Chiesa of New Jersey. One the one hand, coming from a blue state, Chiesa is worth watching as someone who might come out in support of gay marriage. But it's also worth noting that Chiesa's record has appeared to irk gay marriage advocates, which would seem to work against the prospect of him publicly supporting it. Chiesa's stance on the issue has been somewhat vague. His office did not immediately respond to a request for clarity.Meanwhile, over on the Democratic side, there are three senators who have not endorsed same-sex marriage: Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana,  and Joe Manchin of West Virginia. Pryor and Landrieu face tough reelection bids in 2014. Manchin does not face reelection until 2018.Updated at 2:44 p.m.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyNote: We originally posted this item on April 5. We're resurfacing it now, in light of Sen. Lisa Murkowski's Wednesday announcement that she supports gay marriage. With the Supreme Court expected to rule soon on cases involving gay marriage, the issue is front and center once again. So, it's worth revisiting which Senate Republican might be next to follow in the footsteps of Murkowski and Sens. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) and Mark Kirk (R-Ill.). We've taken Murkowski off the list, and reached out to the offices of the remaining senators on it. We will update with any change in position. On the Democratic side, there are currently three senators who have not come out in support of gay marriage: Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana, and Joe Manchin of West Virginia. Since we first posted this item, Sen. Tim Johnson (D-S.D.) announced his support for gay marriage. We've updated the post to reflect that. Original post:Earlier this week, we took a look at the few remaining Senate Democratic holdouts (the list has shrunk by three since it was published) who had yet to express support for gay marriage. What about Senate Republicans? Only two have come out in favor of same-sex marriage. Who might the next one be?Below, we offer our best educated guesses based upon two overarching factors: The 2010 vote to end the military’s “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” policy that prevented gays from serving openly, and the political tilt of the states represented by Senate Republicans. We take a closer look at GOP senators who voted for repeal of DADT, and/or come from states carried twice by President Obama. The list — which is presented in order of most to least likely — is meant to start the conversation, not as a definitive rundown set in stone. Agree/disagree with any names? As always, the comments section awaits.1) Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine): Like Murkowski, Collins is a moderate who voted to repeal DADT. She also comes from a state Obama carried twice. Collins says the issue of marriage should be dealt with at the state level. "I've always felt that domestic relations, including marriage, should be dealt with at the state level," she recently told the Associated Press. “My philosophy has been to stay out of state issues." That’s not an endorsement of same-sex marriage, but it doesn’t mean she won’t offer one in the future. Also, Collins's former Republican Senate colleague, Olympia Snowe, declared her support for same-sex marriage Friday.2) Sen. Richard Burr (R-N.C.): Burr unexpectedly voted to repeal DADT, after first backing an effort to filibuster the measure. He explained at the time that he didn’t think the timing was right for repeal, but that after the filibuster had was stymied, he decided to support it. "This is, I think, a policy that generationally is right,” he told the Hill newspaper of his feelings about repeal at the time.  He recently told local news outlet WRAL that his "personal opinion" is that marriage  is "between a man and a woman, but my role is not to influence what people believe in the state I live in or what the state does that I live in." It's worth noting that Burr's colleague in the Senate, Democrat Kay Hagan, recently announced support for same-sex marriage.3) Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.): Ayotte comes from a state that Obama won twice and gay marriage is legal. “Ultimately I do think this is a matter for the states and states should decide how to define marriage. New Hampshire’s already made that decision and I respect the decision," she recently told New Hampshire Public Radio. Ayotte hasn't shown any signs that she is moving toward supporting gay marriage, but it's worth keeping an eye on lawmakers from New Hampshire, a state with a history of pols with independent streaks.4) Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.): Toomey wasn’t in the Senate for the DADT vote, but he expressed support for repeal as senator-elect. Like many of the names on this list, he comes from a state carried twice by Obama. “Senator Toomey believes that the tradition of marriage is sacred and is best defined as between a man and a woman. He does realize that there are many Americans who feel strongly about this issue and support marriage for same-sex couples. The input of Pennsylvanians is therefore valued when Congress reviews legislation addressing same-sex marriage,” said a Toomey spokesperson.5) Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.): Johnson also comes from a state Obama carried twice, and his Senate colleague from Wisconsin is Tammy Baldwin, the nation’s first openly gay senator. “People have strong and deeply-held opinions about marriage and family because they are central to our society. I believe that we should continue to leave it up to the people – acting through the states – to set guidelines. The federal government should not override the choices of any one community in an attempt to impose a national standard, but should respect the rights of the people and the states,” Johnson said in a statement.There are three other Republican senators hailing from states that Obama won twice who have not declared support for gay marriage. While they are also worth keeping an eye on, there is less reason to believe they will support same-sex marriage in the near future.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is one, but it’s hard to imagine him shifting on this issue since he’s viewed as a potential presidential contender and would have to appeal to conservatives if he runs. He recently said in a speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference, "just because I believe that states should have the right to define marriage in a traditional way does not make me a bigot."Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.) is another one, but he voted against the repeal of DADT in the House. “Senator Heller supports traditional marriage, and believes this is an issue that should be decided on a state level,” said spokesman Chandler Smith.Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) is a third Senate Republican from a state Obama won twice. Grassley voted against ending DADT and hasn’t changed his view about marriage so far. “Senator Grassley opposes same-sex marriage. His position has not changed,” said spokeswoman Beth Levine.Of the eight Republican senators who voted to end DADT, only four are still in the Senate: Burr, Collins, Kirk and Murkowski.One other GOP senator to keep an eye on is the chamber's newest member: Jeff Chiesa of New Jersey. One the one hand, coming from a blue state, Chiesa is worth watching as someone who might come out in support of gay marriage. But it's also worth noting that Chiesa's record has appeared to irk gay marriage advocates, which would seem to work against the prospect of him publicly supporting it. Chiesa's stance on the issue has been somewhat vague. His office did not immediately respond to a request for clarity.Meanwhile, over on the Democratic side, there are three senators who have not endorsed same-sex marriage: Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana,  and Joe Manchin of West Virginia. Pryor and Landrieu face tough reelection bids in 2014. Manchin does not face reelection until 2018.Updated at 2:44 p.m.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy“We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change we seek,” candidate Barack Obama said in 2008. At the time, his comments came in for criticism: They were narcissistic; they were tautological; they didn’t make a whole lot of sense. But in the aftermath of Obama’s 2012 reelection and his second inaugural address, his 2008 remarks seem less a statement of self-absorption than one of prophecy. There is an Obama majority in American politics, symbolized by Monday’s throng on the Mall, whose existence is both the consequence of profound changes to our nation’s composition and values and the cause of changes yet to come. That majority, as the president made clear in his remarks, would not exist but for Americans’ struggles to expand our foundational belief in the equality of all men. The drive to expand equality, he said in his speech’s most historically resonant line, “is the star that guides us still, just as it guided our forebears through Seneca Falls and Selma and Stonewall.” Our history, Obama argued, is one of adapting our ideals to a changing world. His speech (like recent books by Michael Lind and my Post colleague E.J. Dionne Jr.) reclaimed U.S. history from the misrepresentations of both constitutional originalists and libertarian fantasists. “Fidelity to our founding principles requires new responses to new challenges,” the president said. “Preserving our individual freedoms ultimately requires collective action. For the American people can no more meet the demands of today’s world by acting alone than American soldiers could have met the forces of fascism or communism with muskets and militias.” Having established that the moral and practical arc of U.S. history bends toward equality, Obama vowed to push his demands for equality still further — to ending the systemic underpayment of female workers; the voter suppression that compels some Americans, usually minorities, to wait hours to cast their votes; the deportations of immigrants who would otherwise help build the economy; and the laws that forbid gay Americans to marry. As the president acknowledged, however, social equality is rising even as the relative economic equality that once defined American life has sharply and broadly receded. “Our country cannot succeed,” he said, “when a shrinking few do very well and a growing many barely make it.” For this, Obama prescribed revamping our taxes and reforming our schools, but these are by no means sufficient to transform our nation into one that, as the president put it, “rewards the effort and determination of every single American.” The waning of the middle class is, with climate change, the most vexing item on the president’s agenda and requires far-reaching solutions beyond any he laid out. U.S. workers must regain the power they once had to bargain for their wages, but that only begins the list of economic reforms that are as difficult to achieve as they are necessary to re-create an financially vibrant nation. The president closed his speech by asking his supporters to join him to help “shape the debates of our time.” The biggest mistake Obama made when he took office was to effectively disband the organization of the millions of Americans who had worked for his election — for fear, in part, that it might upset members of Congress whose votes he would need for his policies. He wants no such unilateral political disarmament now; his operatives hope to keep his 2012 campaign’s volunteer army in the field for the legislative battles ahead. Obama’s legions have proven that they can win elections, and this matters a great deal more, the president has learned, than whatever trace elements of goodwill he may win by deferring to Congress. The Obama Majority — its existence and mobilization — is what enabled the president to deliver so ideological an address. No such inaugural speech has been delivered since Ronald Reagan took office in 1981, demanding the curtailment of government programs and secure in the knowledge that much of the white working class had shifted its allegiance away from the Democrats and supported his attack on the public sector and minority rights. On Monday, Obama, secure in the knowledge that the nation’s minorities had joined with other liberal constituencies to form a new governing coalition, voiced their demands to ensure equality and to preserve and expand the government’s efforts to meet the nation’s challenges. As he left the stage, he stopped and turned to marvel at the crowd, at the new American majority they represented. They were the ones he, and we, were waiting for.  Read more from Harold Meyerson’s archive or follow him on Twitter.  Read more on this from Opinions:   E.J. Dionne: Obama’s unapologetic inaugural address  David Ignatius: A flat, partisan and pedestrian speech  Michael Gerson: Obama shoves idealism into its grave  Eugene Robinson: The black president no longer  Marc Thiessen: An inaugural gift from the GOP We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.So saith Adam Liptak in a news analysis piece in the New York Times today. As he writes, last June's decisions were very carefully calibrated:How this has worked, with analysis from the pundits who thought this had been put to bed for a while, below the great orange wedding bouquet.First, we have Professor Michael Dorf from Cornell Law School:But he added that the lower courts should have done so, partly because of the potential cruelty of voiding the new marriages and partly because the Supreme Court is hard to predict.“It’s pretty clear that even the five justices who are sympathetic to same-sex marriage would rather take a few years before getting there,” Professor Dorf wrote in a blog post on Tuesday. “If their hand is forced, as it now will be, it’s impossible to say with certainty what they’ll do.”And, yes, Liptak points out that the Utah decision was based on a sentence in Scalia's dissent on the Windsor caseBut Michael Klarman, a historian at Harvard Law School, now thinks two to six years, even with the current composition of the court. He doesn't think it's open-ended any more.So, Utah has set the wheels in motion for the endgame. Illinois, Oregon and New Jersey are in the pipeline now. Historically, this is a QUICK process, as we remember that Prop 8 was only five years ago. Of course, the Supreme Court COULD have done this sooner by accepting the Ninth Circuit's decision on Prop 8, a decision that is now lost to them, but I think I can wait a couple of years.Now, our task is to change the composition of the House so we can get ENDA passed and signed.By LZ Granderson, CNN ContributorUpdated 1302 GMT (2102 HKT) August 9, 2013 I am surprised that no one has mentioned this here in a diary I've been able to find. Some will say I am beating a dead horse, but I don't care. Follow me below for details of Obama's invitation to yet another homophobe to speak at the Inauguration.One of the original stories is at here AlternetFollowing McClurkin, I was very angry with Obama. Then came Warren. But apparently Obama/the inaugural team haven't learned anything:From above Alternet piece:So let me address the naysayers now:- But Obama has done so much for LGBT rights, it's just a speaker at the InaugurationUm, first, if you are trying to make improving LGBT rights a cornerstone of your presidency, you don't have to spit in the eye of the people you are supposedly trying to help. This is a PERSONAL choice. Hagel I can somewhat justify because there are other plusses to his candidacy. This is Obama picking yet another bigot when there could be much better choices out there who were/are not so vehemently anti-gayAlso, when will he get past this bullshit of making in-roads with these people? These people will always vote against him and his agenda. Why give the marquee moment to a hater- But, but he said those things long agoYeah, and those are the seeds of hatred which were sown in the very people today who support discrimination against LGBT people.Also, if Shirley Sherrod is up for scrutiny for what she didn't even say, Hagel for his homophobic remarks, they why should this guy not be held accountable, as would anything with a history of anti-African American, anti-woman, anti-Hispanic, anti-  remarks. Yeah, the times are changing and its time for the haters and the Vichy apologists to be held accountable for hating when it was a much bigger trend.And for what it's worth, I am against Hagel ALSO for this reason. As Maddow pointed out, there will be many, many issues involving LGBT people in the military coming up. So he should answer for his bigotry then. Yet another reason why he is a bad choice.- But, but, Obama has a GAY CUBAN poet speakingAnd this argument pisses me off most of all. In Obama and Co's mind, if you put up a minority group, that cancels out, makes ok having the hater up there. No, it doesn't. You don't have a "mixed program" by putting up people who have advanced society, like Ms. Evers and those who have held it back. Once again, we'll likely have an inauguration with the usual symbolic winks and nods to the LGBT community while the hater gets a front row seat.Starting off Obama II in a sucky way, like he started off Obama I. Except he can't blame Boehner for this one. A fucking huge disappointment.(CNN) – Conservatives who oppose same-sex marriage must accept that they’ve “lost the issue,” radio host Rush Limbaugh argued Thursday.“This issue is lost,” the conservative firebrand said. “I don't care what the Supreme Court does, this is now inevitable - and it's inevitable because we lost the language on this. “

Limbaugh went on to assert conservatives “lost the issue when we started allowing the word ‘marriage’ to be bastardized and redefined by simply adding words to it.”“Marriage is one thing, and it was not established on the basis of discrimination,” he continued.  “It wasn't established on the basis of denying people anything.  ‘Marriage’ is not a tradition that a bunch of people concocted to be mean to other people with.  But we allowed the left to have people believe that it was structured that way. “The Supreme Court heard oral arguments on the legality of same-sex marriage earlier this week.Another notable conservative, Fox News host Bill O’Reilly, said on Tuesday that same-sex marriage advocates have a more convincing argument than opponents, who do nothing but rehash scripture to make their point. "The compelling argument is on the side of homosexuals," O'Reilly said Tuesday on Fox. "That's where the compelling argument is. 'We're Americans. We just want to be treated like everybody else.' That's a compelling argument, and to deny that, you have got to have a very strong argument on the other side. The argument on the other side hasn't been able to do anything but thump the Bible."O'Reilly has previously stated he takes a libertarian view on the issue, and repeated Tuesday night that it's a decision that should be left up to the states. "I support civil unions. I always have. The gay marriage thing, I don't feel that strongly about it one way or another."Limbaugh pontificating on marriage? Bwahahahaha...I wonder what his first, second and third wives think about this.If they get the right to marry, it's still "Gay marriage", not "marriage".
There's no need to get hung up on words.  The two terms are two different things, and I think everybody realizes that, no matter what they say.   It doesn't affect my man-woman marriage in any way.DOMA should be stricken for the fact that it tells states to not recognize a certain contract from another state, while recognizing all others. How it has not been stricken before is beyond me, but if it gets knocked down now, then there is hope for Obamacare to share the same fate.I get tired of the statement that marriage should be left to the states.  What the hell is that?  Should freedom be left to the states?  Should discrimination be left to the states?  What the hell happens when people go to file their income taxes, a federal issue?  They have to declare their marital status!! Are you married and filing jointly according to the state you live in?  That's just stupid.  This should be a uniform issue across the country.  Either you're married, in all states, or you're not.  It can't be a half-ass answer.How many times has Limbaugh been divorced?Good point Rush. Sadly your opponents on this blog can only resort to ad hominem attacks. Predictable.If it were only a word, conservatives wouldnt be spending so many millions, billions over it.Let wheat and tares all grow together. God is the harvester and will surely do the saperation on the last day.How is it that Repubs support this drug addict? Oh, yeah, he spews hate, lies and venom – all the GOP has left to offer our country ...My thoughts on this subject are that gay people want to get together and they want the same rights, such as spousal benefits, as married people have. But, you don't call it a marriage; you call it a union. Plain and simple. I'm not religious, but I do not think you should tamper with the word marriage. Marriage has always been the union of a man and a woman. With gay people, you simply call it a union. I'm sorry to include this but, what could happen next is a guy who is very fond of his pet poodle wants to get married to it. What would stand in the way if we keep bending the rules as they exist now.
Just my thoughts. Leave the word marriage out of the equation. It's a union, plain and simple. I think the Supreme Court is going to agree.Tail wags dog..Take it from a dog... :/Rush throwing in the towel on anti-gay rhetoric? Say it ain't so. I think that's the 6th sign of the Apocalypse in Revelations, ain't it??Nothing new here......conservatives have been losing every issue, one at a time, in the last 60 years......thats is because, like dinosaurs, if you dont change with time, you will die out......and good riddance to GOPDon't argue with Rush about marriage. He has been married 4 times and that makes him a SME on the subject.I guess that we know who the Christians in this country are versus those who say they are but deny God's position on things.Rush doesn't care about gay marriage, he's only interested in defending his $400 million empire.“This issue is lost,” the conservative firebrand said. “I don't care what the Supreme Court does, this is now inevitable – and it's inevitable because we lost the language on this. “  - because they lost the language on this !!!??? So typical of the whole republican conservative brand... it's never that they're wrong, they just are having problems with how people are interpreting their messaging.  Jeez...  I sure hope the public votes them all out of control in the state houses soon before what's left of them trashes the country, robbing from our children's future by refusing to invest in job creation programs and caring more about fetus's than living children they don't want to help feed or educate.Now that conservatives are conceding on the social issues, they will find that they have no argument except for the protection of wealth. Social issues were always just a smokescreen for that anyway.Rush makes $80 million a year from Clear Channels (which Bain bought a very large chunk of 6 years ago) to spread the conservative gospel.  Romney lost, gun nuts are losing, in a word Republicans are losing. Meanwhile hundreds of hardworking Americans lost their jobs in radio to feed this pig, good job Bain. When you forget that the United States was formed to be By the People and For the People, you should lose. It is NOT just for fat rich white guys.Marriage (also called matrimony or wedlock) is a social union or legal contract between people called spouses that establishes rights and obligations between the spouses,   There is a civil union marriage and a religious marriage.   Many people  act like  it is a scared word with meaning, but straight couples, not all but 50% of them have no regard for its meaning or think it is scared, look at the rate of divorce among straight couples. Rush has no room to talk about marriage and it's meaning..  Maybe we all need to get off the high and mighty horseYou don't have to be stupid to listen to this pig, but if you do listen, you'll soon be as screwed up as he is. Dope fiend, married more times than most and a pig to boot.Love ya Rush, but with all your influence and listeners, we lost the election (twice), to obamacare, the conservative cause, and just about everything you championed.  Nice job!You'd think that with all you "power" we would have won something."‘Marriage’ is not a tradition that a bunch of people concocted to be mean to other people with." Indeed, "marriage" is not, but the "marriage license" is. US and state governments got involved in marriage first to prevent blacks and whites from intermarrying, later for various tax-related reasons. The solution is for government to get out, but conservatives strangely want to keep marriage an affair of government instead of church. You made your bed, now lie in it.I respect the opinion against gay marriage– I don't respect the opinion of an idiot who has been married 4 timesHouse Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, suddenly an expert on the Constitution, said on Wednesday that she and Barack Obama are “honoring the Constitution” in their attacks on the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA). Pelosi pontificated:And given a choice I think we would all say we’re honoring, as the president does, the Constitution. When you pass a bill in the House, as we did with the health care bill, we made it iron clad constitutionally. You have a responsibility to honor the Constitution. In fact, we take an oath to do just that, and that is the oath that President Obama is upholding.Attacking the GOP’s support for the Defense of Marriage Act, Pelosi whined:We weigh equities. Congress passes a bill. It’s questionable in terms of constitutionality. There’s no question about your oath to the Constitution of the United States, and the behavior of the Republicans in the House of Representatives on this subject has been so irresponsible. First of all, why in this time would you pass a bill that increases discrimination? We’re going in the direction of the arc of Justice [Henry L.] Benning in favor of more justice, not more discrimination. Why would you do such a thing in the first place? And then when it is questioned in terms of its constitutionality to spend money in the tune of millions outside the regular order of how that money should be spent to defend increasing discrimination in our society, it’s just plain wrong. And given a choice I think we would all say we’re honoring, as the president does, the Constitution.Pelosi boasted of her home city’s influence in the assault on traditional values, claiming that same-sex marriage is “inevitable.” She continued:From our beautiful place in San Francisco, the city of St. Francis, we knew that it was inevitable that all of this would happen. It was inconceivable to others that it would, and it was our job to use whatever influence we could have to shorten the distance between the inevitable and the inconceivable. And I think that’s what’s happening at the court because of many people’s courage, especially those directly, personally affected.PoliticsCongressDefenseNancy Pelosi.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartYou will change your profile pic to show that you are supportive - but what are you ACTUALLY doing to help our country?I promise the supreme court doesn't care about your Facebook profile picture.Because let me tell you why I changed my profile picture to that small, meaningless speck of red peppered with two horizontal bars. I did it not because I think it's going to influence Justice Kennedy's legal opinion. I'm a few months shy of being a lawyer, so I'm in as good a position as anyone to know that matters like this are decided in the reaches of highly analytical and highly calculated minds that sit under black robes.No. I change my profile picture because I have friends who are gay. I have former co-workers who've displayed to me their humanity through their professionalism and their skill. I have friends who I've sat with to discuss the ways in which real-world bigotry keeps them from enjoying a full life. These are people I respect, and they are people who deserve respect.And they should know that in their fight, in their battle for equality, they are not alone. I can't imagine what it must have been like to have been a black person during the 1960s, fighting out of second-hand citizenship to a place of at least some equality. If I had been there, and I had been black, I I might have looked to some of the people I thought were friends, and I might have said: "Are you out there?"I change my profile picture because, unlike you, conservative who is only concerned about concepts like "children starving" and "poverty" when it helps you make a point about the triviality of gay marriage, I understand that the freedom of each of us is tied to the freedom of everyone. It's that unmalleable concept that says to my gay friends: your liberation is bound up with mine.I change my profile picture not because I've forgotten that there are big problems in the world. To the contrary, it's because I remember that our problems are big, and big problems are only solved by groups of people with the conviction to stand up with one another and for one another. Because during a day when I might advocate for protections for the poor, I can take a few seconds out to show my gay brothers and sisters that they are loved, respected, and worthy of support. It's not because I'm some great ambassador for gay rights. It's them, my friends so willing to fight for their own rights, who are the heroes, and if I can do the smallest something to show them that they're not on an island, then I will do that.My profile picture didn't change because I think such a change will change the world. It changed because I'm lucky enough to have tangible relationships with real people whose lives are dramatically affected by this movement. And I'm sorry that you don't.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.The two big cases being argued before the court this week could turn out to be landmarks that confirm the nation’s progress toward marriage equality — or speed bumps that impede it. Either way, the destination is clear: Nearly 60 percent of Americans approve of gay marriage, according to a Post-ABC News poll, including 80 percent of adults under 30. That looks like less a question than a decision. [...]In just under a decade since the pioneering Massachusetts breakthrough for equality in 2004, the freedom to marry for lesbian and gay couples has gone from something unimagined, by most people, to growing a reality — some might say even commonplace. Nine states plus the District of Columbia have legalized it, Rhode Island recognizes marriages performed elsewhere, and this trend shows no signs of stopping.The New York Times calls for a "50-state ruling":The court should avoid that kind of error in the same-sex-marriage cases. It should broadly declare that under the Constitution the right to marry applies equally to all couples, period, and that this principle applies to the federal government and every state.In a place where "everybody knows everybody," as Richard Pickett put it, very few seem willing to talk about the possibility of gay residents. You could blame that on the would-be gays. "If (a gay couple) did live together, they would probably keep it quiet," the 54-year-old told me. "They're not going to march up and down the street with a sign" announcing their homosexuality. The common Franklin County wisdom seems to be that gays, like unicorns or dragons, are living over the next pine-covered hill, out of sight and out of mind. They're not my kids. Not my neighbors. They're somewhere else. Maybe.But here's the thing: There certainly are gay people in Franklin County. And for the most part, they're not in the closet. Many are happy to talk about it. It's their neighbors and families who aren't.It stops the Democratic majority in the senate from controlling the Senate. And it makes it difficult for the president to put his nominees in place to govern the country.The GOP is betting that voters will blame Democrats for the dysfunction in Congress as much as they blame the GOP.  And so far, the bet is paying off, because the press is failing to call out the GOP for an extreme and nasty political strategy of demanding a super-majority of 60 votes —the votes required to break a filibuster — to get anything done.That time has come with regard to Michele Bachmann.The not-so-esteemed congresswoman from Minnesota crossed a new threshold last week (just how many thresholds can there be?) when she blasted President Obama’s lavish lifestyle of “excess” (a claim of such lavish excess itself that it prompted even Bill O’Reilly to dress her down for it) and called for a repeal of the Affordable Health Care Act “before it literally kills women, kills children, kills senior citizens.”Breathtaking. And I don’t mean that in a positive way.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.GRAPEVINE, Texas (AP) — In one of their most dramatic choices in a century, local leaders of the Boy Scouts of America voted Thursday on whether to ease a divisive ban and allow openly gay boys to be accepted into the nation's leading youth organization.Whether yes or no, the result will bitterly disappoint many. The decision expected Thursday evening could trigger defections among those on the losing side.Casting ballots were about 1,400 voting members of BSA's National Council who were attending their annual meeting at a conference center not far from BSA headquarters in suburban Dallas.At stake was a proposal drafted by the BSA's governing executive committee that says boys could no longer be excluded from Scouting solely on the basis of sexual orientation. A longstanding ban on gay adult leaders would remain in place.Whatever the outcome, the vote will not end the wrenching debate over the Scouts' membership policy.Some conservative churches that sponsor Scout units want to continue excluding gay youths, and in some cases have threatened to leave the BSA if the ban were lifted.More liberal Scout leaders — while supporting the proposal to accept gay youth — have made clear they want the ban on gay adults lifted as well. If the full no-gays policy is maintained, some units in liberal areas may consider either leaving the Scouts or openly defying the ban.However the vote goes, the BSA could take a hit financially. Many Scout units in conservative areas fear their local donors will stop giving if the ban on gay youth is lifted, while many major corporate donors are likely to withhold donations if the ban remains.In January, the BSA executive committee suggested a plan to give sponsors of local Scout units the option of admitting gays as both youth members and adult leaders or continuing to exclude them. However, the plan won little praise, and the BSA changed course after assessing responses to surveys sent out starting in February to members of the Scouting community.Of the more than 200,000 leaders, parents and youth members who responded, 61 percent supported the current policy of excluding gays, while 34 percent opposed it. However, most parents of young Scouts, as while as youth members themselves, opposed the ban.In the weeks leading up to the vote, and on Wednesday as National Council members arrived in Grapevine, advocacy groups on both sides of the debate organized news conferences, photo opportunities and forums to make their case.Two conservative groups opposed to any easing of the ban — the Family Research Council and OnMyHonor.net — placed an ad Thursday in the Dallas Morning News warning that lifting the ban on gay youth would trigger lawsuits that could force the BSA to admit gay adults as well as youth. It said lifting the ban on gay boys could drive out as many as 400,000 of the Scouts' youth members.The BSA's overall "traditional youth membership" — Cub Scouts, Boy Scouts and Venturers — is now about 2.6 million, compared with more than 4 million in peak years of the past. It also has about 1 million adult leaders and volunteers.Of the more than 100,000 Scouting units in the U.S., 70 percent are chartered by religious institutions. Those include liberal churches opposed to any ban on gays, but some of the largest sponsors are relatively conservative denominations that have previously supported the broad ban — notably the Roman Catholic Church, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and Southern Baptist churches.The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced in April that it was satisfied with new proposal, and the National Catholic Committee on Scouting has not opposed it.However, 50 leaders of other conservative religious groups have issued a statement imploring the National Council to retain the full ban, warning that easing it "would open the Scouts to a wide range of open sexual expressions."The signatories included the leaders of the Assemblies of God, the Lutheran Church-Missouri Synod, the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary, and the Southern Baptist Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission.The BSA, which celebrated its 100th anniversary in 2010, has long excluded both gays and atheists.Protests over the no-gays policy gained momentum in 2000, when the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the BSA's right to exclude gays. Scout units lost sponsorships by public schools and other entities that adhered to nondiscrimination policies, and several local Scout councils made public their displeasure with the policy.___Crary reported from New York.___Online:BSA Membership Standards Resolution: http://bit.ly/185yyXk___Follow David Crary on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/craryapFollow Nomaan Merchant on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/nomaanmerchant"TWD" showrunner Angela Kang speaks with Insider about Hilarie Burton's casting and wanting to do this episode since the graphic novel debuted.The Canadian popstar says his "heart breaks for innocent civilians being senselessly murdered".A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas flew to Germany on Monday for a medical checkup, Palestinian officials said.  Abbas, 85, has long been in poor health and was admitted to hospital with pneumonia in 2018.  Abbas flew by Jordanian helicopter from his Ramallah headquarters in the Israeli-occupied West Bank to Amman, where he made a brief comment on the placing of Jordanian King Abdullah's half-brother under house arrest.Shohei Ohtani has 'general soreness' after getting into a home-plate collision. Jared Walsh later hits a walk-off home run in the Angels' 7-4 win.Jordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.AdvertisementSupported byEditorialBy The Editorial BoardBefore the Supreme Court justices turned to the merits of the case on Proposition 8, California’s ban on same-sex marriage, they seemed perplexed by a procedural issue: whether the petitioners had legal standing to appeal a lower-court ruling that struck down the ballot measure. Having taken the appeal, they cannot easily decide to avoid the substantive question of whether same-sex couples have a constitutionally protected right to marry in California and elsewhere in the country. If the court decides the case on the merits, it is hard to imagine that a majority could be swayed by the arguments offered by Charles Cooper, the lawyer for the marriage ban’s supporters. Even if his presentation had been more fluent, there was no way to overcome the incoherence of his position. The core of Mr. Cooper’s argument was that a ruling allowing same-sex marriage would be “redefining” marriage in a way that undermines the “responsible procreation” of children. Yet California allows same-sex couples to adopt children, and many heterosexual couples who can’t have children get married. When Justice Sonia Sotomayor asked him if — outside the marriage context — he could “think of any other rational basis, reason, for a state using sexual orientation as a factor in denying homosexuals benefits or imposing burdens,” he could not. When Justice Elena Kagan asked him to describe “what harm to the institution of marriage or to opposite-sex couples” would occur if same-sex couples were allowed to marry, he failed to provide a single example. He also contended that “debate over whether the age-old definition of marriage should be changed to include same-sex couples” should be left to the states but could not explain why the Constitution would permit this kind of discrimination. Neither the Federal District Court in California nor the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit found any of his arguments persuasive. By contrast, Theodore Olson, representing the supporters of same-sex marriage, had the benefit of solid logic on his side. Noting the long line of Supreme Court cases that have declared marriage a fundamental right, he argued that society had no rational basis denying same-sex couples the dignity that marriage affords. Justice Antonin Scalia, with his familiar sarcasm, said: “I’m curious. When did it become unconstitutional to exclude homosexual couples from marriage?” Mr. Olson politely answered with two questions: “When did it become unconstitutional to prohibit interracial marriages? When did it become unconstitutional to assign children to separate schools?” Justice Anthony Kennedy, who may be a swing vote, remarked, “We have five years of information to weigh against 2,000 years of history or more.” But he pointed out to Mr. Cooper, “There are some 40,000 children in California” with same-sex parents and “they want their parents to have full recognition and full status. The voice of those children is important in this case, don’t you think?” Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr., in support of Mr. Olson’s clients, made a cautious, lawyerly argument that the court should rule that California and the seven other states that allow civil unions equivalent to marriage could not deny same-sex couples the status of marriage — and should leave for another day the broader issue as applied to all other states. But he acknowledged that “waiting is not a neutral act” and that it “imposes real costs.” AdvertisementWASHINGTON — The Obama administration came out forcefully Thursday against California's ban on same-sex marriage and, by extension, implicated similar bans in 37 other states.In a brief to the Supreme Court, which will hear two landmark same-sex marriage cases in late March, the Justice Department argued that gay and lesbian couples should have the same right to marry as heterosexuals."The government seeks to vindicate the defining constitutional ideal of equal treatment under the law," Attorney General Eric Holder said. "Throughout history, we have seen the unjust consequences of decisions and policies rooted in discrimination."The brief marks the first time the administration has weighed in on the constitutionality of any state ban on gay marriage. Although it was aimed at the voter initiative passed in California in 2008, it put the administration squarely against other such prohibitions. It urged the court to subject the state's ban to a difficult legal standard that no state prohibition is likely to meet.In particular, the brief implicated the other states that, like California, allow domestic partnerships or civil unions: Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Nevada, New Jersey, Oregon and Rhode Island."The designation of marriage ... confers a special validation of the relationship between two individuals and conveys a message to society that domestic partnerships or civil unions cannot match," the brief states. "Proposition 8's denial of marriage to same-sex couples, particularly where California at the same time grants same-sex partners all the substantive rights of marriage, violates equal protection."Theodore Boutrous, a partner in the law firm Gibson Dunn, which is representing the two same-sex couples who filed the case initially, said the administration's arguments represent "a clear path to marriage equality across the United States."The court filing completes President Obama's self-described evolution on gay marriage and puts his administration squarely on the side of gay rights groups and the nine states where same-sex marriage is legal.The president opposed California's ban, Proposition 8, during his 2008 campaign but refused to endorse gay marriage. He made that endorsement during last year's campaign but said the issue should be decided by the states.Then, in evocative language in this year's inaugural address, Obama equated gay rights to past battles on behalf of women and African Americans by mentioning Stonewall, the New York City bar that was the site of 1969's historic gay rights riots."Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law," Obama said. "For if we are truly created equal, then surely the love we commit to one another must be equal as well."The action was heralded by groups that seek to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide."President Obama and the solicitor general have taken another historic step forward, consistent with the great civil rights battles of our nation's history," said Human Rights Campaign President Chad Griffin, co-founder of the American Foundation for Equal Rights, which brought the challenge to Proposition 8.Conservative groups criticized the decision to weigh in against the gay marriage ban, particularly since Obama once said it should be left to the states. Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, said the president was "putting allegiance to extreme liberal social policies ahead of constitutional principle."The high court has reserved two days in late March to consider the California ban on gay marriage and the Defense of Marriage Act, which denies federal benefits to legally married same-sex couples. Both have been declared unconstitutional by lower courts, decisions which are being challenged by gay-marriage opponents.Proposition 8 was approved by California voters in November 2008 to block a state Supreme Court decision legalizing same-sex marriage. Ever since, gay couples have been blocked from marrying in the nation's most populous state. A final ruling overturning the ban would open the floodgates to thousands of new same-sex marriages there.What effect a court ruling striking down Proposition 8 would have on other states is not clear. The justices could rule narrowly, as a federal appeals court did, holding only that voters cannot take away a right previously enjoyed, however briefly, by Californians. But a more sweeping decision declaring marriage rights for gays and lesbians would endanger all state bans.The Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) was passed by Congress and signed by President Clinton in 1996 as a response to a Hawaii Supreme Court ruling that questioned the denial of a marriage license to a same-sex couple. The federal law has blocked legally married couples from receiving federal benefits in Connecticut, Iowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York, Vermont, Washington and the District of Columbia.The administration is leading the effort to overturn DOMA in the case of Edith Windsor, an 83-year-old New York widow who was forced to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in estate taxes when her lesbian spouse died in 2009. Had she been married to a man, she would have faced no inheritance tax.The new filing is more significant, however, because the administration did not have to get involved at all. Two same-sex couples are contesting Proposition 8 along with the state of California, while organizations that promoted the 2008 voter initiative are defending it.In the Windsor case, the Justice Department's brief argues that gays and lesbians have been subjected to a long history of discrimination, and it refers specifically to the California marriage ban as an example.On the subject of states' rights vs. the Constitution, its brief to the Supreme Court states: "Deference to the democratic process must give way to the fundamental constitutional command of equal treatment under law."Polls have been shifting toward approval of gay marriage. In a December USA TODAY survey, 53% of Americans said same-sex couples deserve the same marriage rights as heterosexual couples, up from 40% in 2009.California's ban has attracted 37 "friend of the court" briefs, mostly from conservative and religious groups. Opponents of the ban have until today to file their briefs, and until Friday in the Defense of Marriage Act case. They were coming in from a variety of groups on the political left and right:SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — For Mina Meyer and Sharon Raphael, two women in their 70s who fell in love more than four decades ago and have been married for more than four years, the U.S. Supreme Court's pending consideration of a law that prohibits the federal government from recognizing unions like theirs is about more than civil rights. It's about buying a new roof for their California home, replacing their 2005 Toyota Camry, and ensuring Meyer doesn't take a financial hit if Raphael dies first.The Supreme Court will hear oral arguments this month in a challenge to a provision of the Defense of Marriage Act, or DOMA, that denies legally married gay and lesbian couples federal benefits available to heterosexual married couples, including tax and Social Security benefits. A decision is not expected until the end of June, but accountants and tax attorneys anticipating the 18-year-old law's demise are already encouraging same-sex couples like Raphael and Meyer to seek prospective tax refunds, back retirement payments and other spousal subsidies they may have been denied.It is unclear how the justices might rule, but the Obama administration and former President Bill Clinton, who signed the act into law, have urged the court to overturn it on grounds that it violates the civil rights of gay Americans. DOMA supporters, including House Republicans led by Speaker John Boehner, argue that Congress — not the court — should decide as public opinion for same-sex marriage grows. Other conservative groups argue that spousal benefits should be reserved only for couples of the opposite sex.Part of the urgency for couples to act stems from deadlines established under the U.S. tax code, which gives taxpayers three years to file protective claims for income and estate tax refunds. Same-sex couples or surviving spouses who were legally married before or during 2009 would therefore have until April 15 of this year to submit amended returns claiming overpayments on income for that tax year, said Vickie Henry, a senior staff attorney at Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders.At the time, gay unions were legal in Massachusetts, Connecticut, Iowa and Vermont, and briefly had been in California. New York and the District of Columbia, which have since legalized same-sex unions, also recognized marriages performed in other states or countries.While married couples from those jurisdictions would have the strongest cases, couples from states such as Hawaii, Nevada and Illinois that treat domestic partnerships and civil unions as the same as marriage for tax purposes might also see federal refunds depending on how the Supreme Court rules, said Pat Cain, a federal tax expert at the Santa Clara University School of Law."On the income tax side, anybody who would benefit from filing jointly and who would be eligible to do so if DOMA falls should consider filing amended tax returns for the applicable years," Cain said.The sums at stake are not inconsequential. The case the justices accepted, for example, involves a New York state widow, Edith Windsor, 83, who is seeking a refund of the $363,000 she had to pay in estate taxes after her wife, Thea Spyer, died in 2009. If Windsor had not been married to another woman, her tax bill would have been $0 because married U.S. citizens are allowed to pass their assets onto their spouses tax-free — but only if the surviving spouse is of the opposite sex.Gerald McIntyre, directing attorney at the National Senior Citizens Law Center, said Social Security benefits, which kick in based on the date of application, are where gay couples have lost the most and stand the most to gain.Lower-earning spouses such as Meyer have been doubly penalized under DOMA, McIntrye said, first by being unable to claim the spousal benefit that allows married heterosexuals to increase their monthly benefits by drawing half of a husband or wife's Social Security, then being deemed ineligible for survivor benefits that are equal to what a deceased spouse got in retirement each month.A 2009 study by The Williams Institute, a think tank on sexual orientation and the law at the University of California, Los Angeles, estimated that gay couples received an average of $3,060 less a year in Social Security benefits than married straight couples. For lesbian couples, the disparity rose to $5,412. The same study found that gay or lesbian widows or widowers lost out on more than $5,700 a year in survivor benefits than their straight counterparts received.In the case of retirees Raphael and Meyer, it could mean an additional $7,335 year in Social Security benefits because Meyer, who worked in office jobs and a bookstore, would be entitled to the Social Security benefits of Raphael, who earned considerably more as a college professor for 40 years. That would boost their fixed monthly income by about 10 percent. Last year, on the advice of a professional colleague and with the high court poised to decide if DOMA is constitutional, Meyer applied for more than a year's worth of retroactive benefits as well as bigger future checks if the law is struck down."This is not the only money we live on, but it does make a big difference," said Meyer, 73, who also would see her Social Security checks more than quadruple in the event she is widowed and the court overturns the act. "That $700 a month is $700 a month."Other married same-sex couples may end up paying more in taxes if DOMA is overturned, due to the so-called federal "marriage penalty." Janis Cowhey McDonagh, a tax attorney in the New York office of accounting firm Marcum LLP, (equals) has been encouraging many of her clients in same-sex marriages to get their returns in order before the Supreme Court rules."If it's better for them to file single even though they are married, I tell them they need to file before DOMA comes down, because if DOMA comes down, they won't have the choice," she said.___Follow Lisa Leff on Twitter at: https://twitter.com/scoopscout"TWD" showrunner Angela Kang speaks with Insider about Hilarie Burton's casting and wanting to do this episode since the graphic novel debuted.The Canadian popstar says his "heart breaks for innocent civilians being senselessly murdered".A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas flew to Germany on Monday for a medical checkup, Palestinian officials said.  Abbas, 85, has long been in poor health and was admitted to hospital with pneumonia in 2018.  Abbas flew by Jordanian helicopter from his Ramallah headquarters in the Israeli-occupied West Bank to Amman, where he made a brief comment on the placing of Jordanian King Abdullah's half-brother under house arrest.Shohei Ohtani has 'general soreness' after getting into a home-plate collision. Jared Walsh later hits a walk-off home run in the Angels' 7-4 win.Jordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.George Zimmerman was back in court today for a hearing on the start date for his trial on murder charges. Zimmerman, of course, was the Hispanic neighborhood watchman in Sanford, Florida, who trailed a young black man named Trayvon Martin after calling 911, got into an altercation with Martin in which Martin ended up pounding Zimmerman’s head into the pavement, and then ended up shooting Martin in the chest. The media used the Zimmerman case as an opportunity to bully Americans over their supposed racial intolerance. Even the President of the United States weighed in in the midst of an election cycle, suggesting that if he had a son, he’d look like Trayvon Martin.Breitbart News had the opportunity to sit down for a one-on-one interview with George’s brother, Robert, in Los Angeles. Excerpts of that interview played tonight on Fox News’ Hannity.Robert didn’t pull any punches about President Obama’s role in raising the threat level to his brother – and to his family. “We do feel that we’re threatened,” Robert told Breitbart News. “There’s not been a legal resolution in this matter. And even the day that there is legal resolution in this matter, the day that happens I don’t think that every single fear of some kind of retribution will simply just go way, but we’re coping as bets we can, day by day.”Robert saved especially harsh criticism for President Obama, who inserted himself in the Zimmerman case, even inviting race-baiter Al Sharpton to the White House shortly after Sharpton threatened the town of Sanford over the Police Department’s decision not to arrest Zimmerman originally. When the President was asked about the Zimmerman case in the Rose Garden, Robert said, “Here was this president, from the backdrop of the Rose Garden, making comments about someone based on his skin color. I think we felt bullied, we were a little let down initially, and that disappointment grew because if you don’t have the support of at least the law on your side, of the most powerful man in the Western Hemisphere reminding the world that it is entitled to watch, reminding Americans that the world is watching and that we will get through this with due process, but instead bringing up statements about his skin color … it was alarming to say the least.”Robert went further: “I don’t think a white president would have been able to get away with the same thing from the Rose Garden in an election season.”The fallout to the Zimmerman family has been extreme. According to Robert, they often require security for everyday tasks. They have had to move around to avoid targeting. And now, George faces a trial in a case where many legal observers agree there is no evidence to support the prosecutor’s second degree murder charge. No matter what happens, George Zimmerman will, thanks to the President and the media, remain a racist in many Americans’ minds. “If you can’t rebut assertions of racism,” said Robert, “the noise kind of drowns you out. You’re really left defenseless, and you have no other choice but to go into hiding.” Ben Shapiro is Editor-At-Large of Breitbart News and author of the book “Bullies: How the Left’s Culture of Fear and Intimidation Silences America” (Threshold Editions, January 8, 2013).PoliticsFox NewsGeorge ZimmermanTrayvon Martin.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartMoments after President Obama made his briefing room statement about race and Trayvon Martin, CNN’s BREAKING NEWS graphic swirled, faded, and cut to anchor Brooke Baldwin, who was visibly flushed with excitement. Brooke announced, “Wow, what a surprise we have all witnessed, if you have been tuned in the last half-hour, we were watching THE President surprise everyone…” She went on to describe Obama’s statement as “very, very personal; very heartfelt.” Baldwin then assured her audience that Obama had “not used a teleprompter,” because he had “given much thought and much time to making this message VERY personal.”The CNN anchor then went to a video clip saying, “But FIRST, here’s the president, making this personal.” Apparently, Baldwin thought Obama’s statement was personal. After the clip, Breathless Brooke returned with her panel: Candy Crowley, Sonny Hostin, Jessica Yellin, and Gloria Borger. After another “Wow!”,  Baldwin (who looked like she might have been trembling) turned things over to Chief White House Correspondent, Yellin. If you hadn’t known what she was talking about, based solely on Yellin’s awe-inspired melodramatic rhetoric, you would think that something had happened on the level of the first man walking on the moon. Barely able to contain herself, Yellin described Obama’s statement as something “as personal and as bluntly as I have ever heard him speak about racism in America and his own experience of racism in his life.”Yellin later added that this was “an important moment for this president, and an important moment for America.” After again reminding us of how “incredibly personal” Obama was, Baldwin then turned things over to Candy Crowley. As excited as the rest, Crowley jumped right in to tell us that Obama is a “thoughtful guy” and the “sort of person who thinks these things through.” Crowley obviously missed Obama’s “acted stupid” racial debacle. Crowley closed her comment by pointing out that Obama has just “elevated the discussion.” Sonny Hostin, the only legal analyst in the country who was shocked by the Zimmerman verdict,  was left a little speechless due to the “so many thoughts she had running through her mind. After mentioning that she was the mother of a “young, brown boy,” she then put those thoughts together and used Obama’s words to trash our country and judicial system as racist. Finally, it was political analyst Gloria Borger’s turn, and she started out with some hysterical nonsense about how Obama didn’t want this conversation to be about him — even though this is the second time he has chosen to interject both himself and his race into a local crime that had nothing to with him or racism. Borger found this, “stunning.”Borger than narrowed her eyes and talked about how Obama came to the podium as an “African-American male and reflected soberly about some important issues we have to discuss in this country.” Borger was in awe over how Obama “distilled ” all of these complicated issues one statement. My favorite part of the discussion, though, was Borger’s non sequitar. Baldwin had a good moment when she said that she wanted to make clear that the “Stand your Ground” law had nothing to do with Zimmerman’s defense. Borger then jumped in to say, “But it is the law in thirty states.” Huh?Bottom line: For almost fifteen minutes it was hard to tell if you were watching a cable news network, or a slumber party-cam with five breathless Beliebers after a Justin Bieber concert. The gushing was as non-stop as the criticism and intelligent insight was non-existent.Throughout the segment, Obama was constantly referred to as an “African-American.”Like George Zimmerman, Obama has one white parent. CNN, however, only refers to Zimmerman as a “white Hispanic.”UPDATE: 90 minutes later, CNN is still at it.   Follow  John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC               MediaCandy CrowleyCNN.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart(CNN) - Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Tuesday her prayers are with Trayvon Martin's family and "every family who loves someone who is lost to violence." Addressing the Delta Sigma Theta sorority convention in Washington, Clinton told the crowd, "No mother, no father should ever have to fear for their child walking down a street in the United States of America."
 
Clinton, who's widely considered a potential 2016 presidential contender, addressed the largely-African American audience just days after a Florida jury acquitted George Zimmerman in the shooting death of Martin, 17. The jury's decision sparked protests across the country, while many groups, including the NAACP, ramped up pressure on the Justice Department to press federal civil rights charges against Zimmerman.At the top of her speech Tuesday, Clinton briefly addressed Martin's death and the recent trial - a story that has loomed large over the convention. "In a week that I know has brought heartache - deep, painful heartache to many across our country - the solidarity and the solace you find here is all the more important," she said. Attorney General Eric Holder addressed the same convention on Monday, calling Martin's death a "tragic, unnecessary shooting" and vowing that the Justice Department with "follow the facts of the law" as it continues to investigate the incident. For her part, Clinton encouraged the sorority, the nation's single largest African-American women's organization, to "move forward." "As we move forward, as we must, I hope this sisterhood will continue to be a force for justice and understanding," she said. Tuesday's appearance marked the latest in Clinton's busy speech circuit. Since retiring as secretary of state at the beginning of 2013, the former first lady and U.S. senator from New York has made numerous paid and non-paid speeches across the country, fueling further speculation that she's gearing up for a presidential bid. She also addressed the Supreme Court's recent decision that effectively ruled key parts of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 as invalid. The high court left it up to a divided Congress to revise the law, so that it's constitutional in the minds of a majority of justices.While many Republicans praised the decision - saying it allowed some states to navigate more freely around outdated rules - many Democrats and civil rights leaders argue the ruling threatens voting rights for minorities in states with a history of discrimination. Clinton urged the sorority women to pressure Congress to rewrite the law so that those key parts are deemed constitutional. "I want to make sure that in the next election and the next election and the next and every one after that, people line up to vote and they vote regardless of those who may not want to count their vote or acknowledge their right to vote," she said, drawing heavy applause.- CNN's Ashley Killough and Steve Brusk contributed to this report.Well America, just start and ban all the weapons out of your city's and you will make a great start!Rick McDanielReverse racism being supported by Hillary.........who refuses to face the truth..........Martin was the attacker, and it got him killed.
-------------------
Dude, if GZ could have proved that TM attacked him, then he could have walked free after a SYG hearing.  But, he couldn't prove that he was attacked, and thus the 2nd degree murder charge.  Maybe SYG laws need to be changed, such that if you fail to win a SYG hearing then you stand convicted to the equivalent of 2nd degree murder.  Or at the very least stand trial for it, with the jury aware that you lost a SYG hearing and why."What difference does it make..." – Hillary ClintonBiden 2016!Zimmerman Was Democrat now they trying to lynch him who is SpanishSome peoples comments on here make no sense – she didn't use the case to score any political points! How has she done that? Once again the irrational right wingers come out spewing lies and opinions dressed up as facts. IT'S PATHETIC!!! I think she was increadibly fair and balanced in her statement, unlike the current POTUS.Hilary, you got my vote 2016."Dude, if GZ could have proved that TM attacked him, then he could have walked free after a SYG hearing. But, he couldn't prove that he was attacked, and thus the 2nd degree murder charge.Maybe SYG laws need to be changed, such that if you fail to win a SYG hearing then you stand convicted to the equivalent of 2nd degree murder. Or at the very least stand trial for it, with the jury aware that you lost a SYG hearing and why."
----–
Despite all the hysterical rhetoric, this was not a Stand Your Ground case.  Holder only brought up Stand Your Ground because he has no chance whatsoever of filing a federal case against Zimmerman.  The attendees at the NAACP convention have not yet figured that out.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Andrew McCarthy: Justice Department should handle cases based strictly on facts and lawMcCarthy: Attorney General Eric Holder should not have politicized the Zimmerman caseHe says Zimmerman case is not a federal case because civil rights was not an issue     McCarthy: If justice had been served, Zimmerman case would never have been a criminal case
      Editor’s Note: Andrew C. McCarthy, a former assistant U.S. attorney, is author of “Spring Fever: The Illusion of Islamic Democracy,” “Willful Blindness” and “The Grand Jihad.” He is a senior fellow at National Review Institute and a contributing editor at National Review.  
    
  We have a Department of Justice, not a Department of Social Justice. That is an essential distinction. It is brought into sharp relief by politicized demands that George Zimmerman, having just been acquitted of murder by the state of Florida, be subjected to a second prosecution – a federal civil rights indictment – over the shooting death of Trayvon Martin.

  The Justice Department has earned the trust of the United States courts precisely because it resists the politicization of law enforcement. Its tradition is to ensure the equal protection of law for every American, to evaluate cases strictly on the basis of facts and law, and to recognize its obligations not only to the community but also to criminal suspects. 

  Yet, though Attorney General Eric Holder never tires of reminding us about the due process owed even to foreign terrorists who’ve confessed to mass murder, the principle does not seem to apply to Zimmerman, an American now acquitted of murder. 

  Even if the Justice Department never files criminal charges against Zimmerman – which is likely given the implausibility of obtaining a conviction – it is extremely inappropriate for law enforcement officials, particularly the U.S. attorney general, to engage in a running extrajudicial commentary that taints the jury pool and ratchets up the investigative anxiety for a citizen who is presumed innocent and has been acquitted. Law enforcement officials speak in court – with public charges, if prosecutors have the evidence to back them up. 

  The justice system is not a morality play. It is not designed to right every wrong, nor has it the capacity to remediate tragedy, such as the indescribable pain the Martin family endures after the loss of their 17-year-old son. In the face of such tragedy, the human instinct to demand some kind of “justice” – social, poetic or cosmic – is something we all feel. But that is not the justice our legal system exists to dispense. 

  Federal courts prosaically apply established law to provable facts, and they rely heavily on the Justice Department to perform that duty faithfully. When a popular political narrative – such as the left’s portrayal of racism as the root cause of many American ills – crashes into uncongenial facts, the justice system is the place where the narrative must yield, and the Justice Department is supposed to ensure that it does.

  Sadly, just the opposite has happened in the Zimmerman case. It has been bereft from the start both of proof that Zimmerman had the requisite criminal intent to sustain a murder charge and of evidence to refute his well-corroborated claim of self-defense. That is why veteran police investigators initially declined to file charges. 

  Yet Holder and his subordinates joined in the effort to induce Florida to file charges, unabashedly making common cause with the likes of the Rev. Al Sharpton, whose metier is racially divisive demagoguery. 

  Attending an anti-Zimmerman rally with Sharpton, Holder saber-rattled about filing a civil rights case. As the attorney general well knew, his inappropriate chatter would be construed as a suggestion that Florida had abdicated its responsibilities by declining to prosecute a purportedly racist murderer. Simultaneously, Justice’s Community Relations Service worked closely with anti-Zimmerman activists to pressure Florida Gov. Rick Scott into reversing the police determination that there was no case. Scott finally caved, appointing the compliant special prosecutor Angela Corey, who dutifully lodged a groundless second-degree murder charge.

  Standard, prudent Justice Department practice has always discouraged commentary on criminal investigations outside the public record. That is for the politicians. Law enforcement is not supposed to speak until the government is ready to file public charges and back them up in court. 

  To the contrary, Holder has engaged in an extrajudicial publicity campaign, and now finds himself in the hot seat: It’s been over a year since he promised to file charges if warranted by the facts, and the facts have long been known – indeed, they’ve been tried in court.

  Obviously, it is easier to promise to keep investigating – and to keep alive a race narrative dear to President Obama’s political base – than to acknowledge that there is no federal case against Zimmerman. The insurmountable proof problems Florida prosecutors faced do not even begin to describe the challenges that would confront a federal case.

  A civil rights case would require proof beyond a reasonable doubt that Zimmerman shot Martin out of racial animus. There is no evidence that Zimmerman has ever been a racist – jurors in the Florida case say race was not relevant to the case, and the FBI, after investigating extensively for months, has been unable to find proof of a racial motivation. 

  Furthermore, a federal prosecution would require proof that Zimmerman was trying to prevent Martin’s enjoyment of some statutorily specified civil right – like attending school, applying for a job, staying in a hotel, going to a restaurant, or participating in a federal program. The Zimmerman-Martin altercation was purely local with no federal implications.

  Finally, in light of the Justice Department’s heavy-handed role in pressuring Florida to bring a case that police originally decided not to charge, there may be a serious question whether the “dual sovereignty” exception to double jeopardy – allowing a federal prosecution despite a state acquittal – applies.

  This is not a federal case. If real justice had been served, it would never have been a criminal case at all. 

  Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter.

  Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion.  

  The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew C. McCarthy.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.RENO, Nev. (AP) -- A top National Rifle Association official on Tuesday accused President Barack Obama of seeking to redefine the rights of gun owners, telling a hunting and wildlife conservation group that the president's use of the word "absolutism" in his inauguration speech was an attack on law-abiding citizens who own firearms.Obama said in his speech Monday that Americans shouldn't "mistake absolutism for principle, or substitute spectacle for politics, or treat name-calling as reasoned debate."The remark was interpreted by the NRA as a reference to the organization's steadfast opposition to any new gun regulations.NRA executive vice president Wayne LaPierre told a Weatherby Foundation awards ceremony that the Second Amendment gives Americans the unfettered right to own a firearm, but the president wants to redefine that freedom."Absolutes do exist, words do have specific meaning in language and in law," he said.The president wants Americans to believe that "putting the federal government in the middle of every gun transaction" will make them safer, LaPierre said. But the NRA believes people have the right to defend themselves and their families with semi-automatic firearms technology, he said."No government gave them to us and no government can take them away."Obama last week unveiled a set of legislative proposals and executive actions on firearms that were formulated in the wake of last month's Connecticut school shooting that left 20 children and six adults dead.The NRA responded to the proposals by posting a Web video that labeled Obama an "elitist hypocrite" for allowing his daughters to be protected by armed guards while not embracing a proposal — supported by the NRA — that would place armed guards at all schools. The organization has also planned an aggressive lobbying push to thwart new gun regulations and has been raising money in response to the outcry for new gun laws.LaPierre's speech on Tuesday was billed as a response to Obama's inaugural address."TWD" showrunner Angela Kang speaks with Insider about Hilarie Burton's casting and wanting to do this episode since the graphic novel debuted.The Canadian popstar says his "heart breaks for innocent civilians being senselessly murdered".A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas flew to Germany on Monday for a medical checkup, Palestinian officials said.  Abbas, 85, has long been in poor health and was admitted to hospital with pneumonia in 2018.  Abbas flew by Jordanian helicopter from his Ramallah headquarters in the Israeli-occupied West Bank to Amman, where he made a brief comment on the placing of Jordanian King Abdullah's half-brother under house arrest.Shohei Ohtani has 'general soreness' after getting into a home-plate collision. Jared Walsh later hits a walk-off home run in the Angels' 7-4 win.Jordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.“I am very concerned that this technology will be used against law-abiding American firearms owners,” said founder and executive vice president of the Second Amendment Foundation, Alan Gottlieb. “This could violate Fourth Amendment rights as well as Second Amendment rights.”The Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) obtained a partially redacted copy of Homeland Security’s drone requirements through a Freedom of Information Act request; CNET uncovered an unredacted copy.Homeland Security design requirements specify that its Predator B drones “shall be capable of identifying a standing human being at night as likely armed or not” and must be equipped with “interception” systems capable of reading cell phone signals.The first known domestic use of a drone to arrest a U.S. citizen occurred last year in the small town of Lakota, North Dakota when rancher Rodney Brossart was arrested for refusing to return six of his neighbor’s cows that had wandered on to his property. Critics say the fact that domestic drones are being used in such minor matters raises serious concerns about civil liberties and government overreach.“That drone is not just picking up information on what’s happening at that specific scene, it’s picking up everything else that’s going on,” says drone expert and Brookings Institution senior fellow Peter Singer. “Basically it’s recording footage from a lot of different people that it didn’t have their approval to record footage.” Others, like progressive author Naomi Wolf, have warned that domestic drones may soon be weaponized. The military version of the Predator B drone carries 100-pound Hellfire missiles, but the Homeland Security’s Customs and Border Protection (CBP) says the 10 drones in its domestic fleet are unarmed.Last month, NBC News uncovered a confidential 16-page Justice Department memo that concluded the U.S. government may execute a drone strike on an American citizen it believes to be a “senior operational leader” of al-Qaeda or “an associated force.” The Obama Administration defended the use of drones to kill Americans thought to be working with terrorists.  “These strikes are legal, they are ethical, and they are wise,” said White House press secretary Jay Carney. PoliticsDronesHomeland SecurityYahoo.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAn abortion supporter, Katie Heim, wrote a poem likening her vagina to a gun which was read into the Texas Senate record as the Senate debated the bill outlawing abortion after twenty weeks. The poem, titled, “If My Vagina Was a Gun,” went like this: If my vagina was a gun, you would stand for its rights, You would ride on buses and fight all the fights. If my vagina was a gun, you would treat it with care, You wouldn’t spill all its secrets because, well, why go there. If my vagina was a gun, you’d say what it holds is private From cold dead hands we could pry, you surely would riot. If my vagina was a gun, its rights would all be protected, no matter the body count or the children affected. If my vagina was a gun, I could bypass security, concealed carry laws would ensure I’d have impunity. If my vagina was a gun, I wouldn’t have to beg you, I could hunt this great land and do all the things men do. But my vagina is not a gun, it is a mightier thing, With a voice that rings true making lawmakers’ ears ring. Vaginas are not delicate, they are muscular and magic, So stop messing with mine, with legislation that’s tragic. My vagina’s here to demand from the source, Listen to the voices of thousands or feel their full force.Some questions for Ms. Heim:Politics.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        Jan. 15, 2013: New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo speaks after signing New York's Secure Ammunition and Firearms Enforcement Act into law in Albany, N.Y. (AP)ALBANY, N.Y. – A New York state judge agreed Friday to consider whether the state's tough new gun restrictions were rushed into law in violation of the state constitution.State Supreme Court Justice Gerald Connolly signed an order granting the request for a hearing by plaintiffs who are challenging Gov. Andrew Cuomo's decision to waive the three-day review usually required before votes on bills, according to LoHud.com.The plaintiffs argue the law violates the guarantees of free speech, property ownership and the right to petition the government guaranteed under the state and federal constitutions.Plaintiff Robert Schulz called Cuomo a "king" for pushing through the nation's toughest gun law by suspending the three-day vetting period by submitting a “message of necessity” on the law, which allows the constitutional waiting period to be suspended."Kings govern by opinion," said Shulz, who calls himself a "constitutionalist" and has challenged governors for decades in court although he isn't a lawyer. "There has to be some rationale, some justification of facts before waiving the people's demand for three days"' review of a bill.The law enacted Jan. 15, pushed by Cuomo, sets a seven-bullet limit on magazines, tightens the definition of illegal "assault weapons" and requires owners of formerly legal semi-automatic guns to register them, among other measures.The New Yorkers are representing themselves, without lawyers. A March 11 date in state court is scheduled. State officials will have to argue their case to avoid an injunction against the law."We believe the law is, and the process was, valid and constitutional," said Cuomo spokesman Rich Azzopardi.Cuomo and legislative leaders agreed on the bill in closed-door negotiations and put the politically dicey measure to a vote at night in mid-January. That was after Cuomo issued the message of necessity, which the plaintiffs say includes misrepresentations.The message of necessity, according to LoHud.com, reads: “Some weapons are so dangerous, and some ammunition devices are so lethal, that New York State must act without delay to prohibit their continued sale and possession in the state in order to protect its children, first responders and citizens as soon as possible. This bill, if enacted, would do so by immediately banning the ownership, purchase and sale of assault weapons and large capacity ammunition feeding devices.”Schulz, of Warren County, called the gun control law "repugnant" and seeks to have it declared void. The plaintiffs said they have 1,200 backers.Click here for more from LoHud.com.The Associated Press contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Welcome to Trayvongate, where the President of the United States used both the bully pulpit, the Department of Justice and sly media manipulation to gin up charges of racism in the George Zimmerman/Trayvon Martin shooting. Now that the trial is almost finished and the only act of racism mentioned so far came from the victim–Martin called Zimmerman ‘a creepy ass cracker’ according to testimony–the cynical and repeated use of the race card by the White house is even more abhorrent. Judicial Watch revealed documents today that proved what Breitbart News reported in April, 2012: that Eric Holder’s Department of Justice took an active role in racially charged rallies in Sanford, Florida and that the Community Relations Service helped force the temporary resignation of Sheriff Bill Lee. That resignation made it appear that Sanford authorities were suspect and possibly complicit in covering up something. Some of my reporting at the time was based on interviews with numerous public officials in Sanford who wanted to remain anonymous out of fear of retribution from the Obama administration. They described a situation where the CRS team took over and forced decisions while clearing a path for protests and rallies that heightened the appearence of racial tensions. The CRS is a small unit within the Department of Justice and ostensibly it serves a legitimate purpose; attempting to cool down tense situation. As its website says:The Community Relations Service is the Department’s “peacemaker” for community conflicts and tensions arising from differences of race, color, and national origin. Created by the Civil Rights Act of 1964, CRS is the only Federal agency dedicated to assist State and local units of government, private and public organizations, and community groups with preventing and resolving racial and ethnic tensions, incidents, and civil disorders, and in restoring racial stability and harmony.However, under the highly politicized Holder Department of Justice, the CRS has acted as ‘spies and muscle’ according to a source familiar with the unit. In the Zimmerman case, they ended up as doing nothing to facilitate ‘racial stability and harmony ‘, instead acting a heavy thumb on the scales of justice and helping to force events that gave the nation an impression that Martin’s death was racially motivated.Not just George Zimmerman, but the police and the entire town were targeted in rallies that saw people being bused-in for protests. We now have proof via the Judicial Watch release that these rallies were facilitated by the Obama administration. They were also highly racially charged. Close Obama ally Al Sharpton, along with Jesse Jackson, led the charge. As CBS Miami reported: “We live in the middle of an American paradox,” Rev. Sharpton told the crowd. “We can put a black man in the White House but we cannot walk a black child through a gated neighborhood. We are not selling out, bowing out or backing down until there is justice for Trayvon.”“This is not about a hoodie, it’s about racial profiling,” Jackson said. “We will use our marching feet, civil disobedience and every weapon in our non-violent arsenal until justice is served.”However, much of the rhetoric surrounding the Zimmerman story was violent. Many will remember that the New Black Panther party actually offered a $10,000 bounty for the ‘capture’ of George Zimmerman. As the Orlando Sentinal reported:New Black Panther leader Mikhail Muhammad announced the reward during a protest in Sanford Saturday. And when asked whether he was inciting violence, Muhammad replied defiantly: “An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.”The bounty announcement came moments after members of the group called for the mobilization of 10,000 black men to capture Zimmerman, who shot Trayvon in a gated Sanford community on Feb. 26.Muhammad said members of his group would search for Zimmerman themselves in Maitland — where the 28-year old worked before the shooting, employees there told the Orlando Sentinel. He declined to say when the group would begin their search.J. Christian Adams knows the New Black Panther Party well; he resigned his position at the DOJ over the refusal to prosecute the Panthers for the now infamous Philadephia voter intimidation actions during the 2008 election. Adams outlined the crimes committed by the NBPP in Sanford:Let’s start with solicitation to kidnap.  In announcing a reward for the seizure of Zimmerman, the New Black Panthers may have violated Florida Code 787.01.  It makes it a felony to “by threat, confining or abducting, or imprisoning another person against his . . .  will without lawful authority with intent to . .  . terrorize.”Merely soliciting someone else to do this is also a felony in Florida under Florida Code 777.04.  “A person who solicits another to commit an offense prohibited by law and in the course of such solicitation commands, encourages, hires, or requests another person to engage in specific conduct which would constitute such offense or an attempt to commit such offense commits the offense of criminal solicitation.”That’s only part of the list. The New Black Panther’s outrageous, illegal call for vigilante justice happened on March 24th. According the records obtained by Judicial Watch, the Department of Justice deployed to Sanford the next day: March 25th, 2012. However, the DOJ did not go to Sanford to make arrests against the New Black Panthers. Instead, according the the written record, obtained by Judicial Watch, they “deployed to Sanford, FL, to work marches, demonstrations, and rallies related to the shooting and death of an African-American teen by a neighborhood watch captain.” Once again, the Holder Department of Justice failed to prosecute the New Black Panther Party. They actually helped facilitate mass rallies against Zimmerman and the City of Sanford. These actions are made even more scandalous by the direct insertion of the President of the United States into the story. President Obama made his famous “If I had a son, he’d look like Trayvon” remark at the White House, but what got considerably less press was the fact that Obama had a prior relationship with Martin’s attorney Benjamin Crump. Obama worked with him on another racially charged case when he was a Senator. Breitbart News reported on the Obama connection to the 2006 story of Martin Lee Anderson. Attorney Crump said publicly that he was following the same media ‘playbook’ as the Anderson case. Tactics included using a photo of Anderson as a child, the same way the media used the Crump-supplied photo of Trayvon Martin as child. This story from 2006 shows the involvement of Senator Obama (who did not end up appearing at the rally), Sharpton and Jackson as well as other usual suspects from the far left.A rally will be taking place in Tallahassee Friday, April 21 regarding the ongoing investigation into the death of 14-year-old Martin Lee Anderson. Anderson died Jan. 6 at a Panhandle boot camp after being kneed and punched by Bay County Sheriff’s boot camp guards.Students from Florida State University, Tallahassee Community College and Florida A&M University have been involved in the planning and organization of the event at which Rev. Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton will be making appearances.Charlie and Martin Sheen, who donated $10,000 to the cause, are also reportedly planning to attend Friday, along with former TLC member Tionne “T-Boz” Watkins and Afeni Shakur, mother of the murdered rapper Tupac Shakur. According Samantha Greer, an FSU student and volunteer for the Coalition for Justice for Martin Lee Anderson, Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois may also make an appearance. Greer stressed that the Coalition is still looking for volunteers and that anyone is welcome to join the cause.What we saw in 2012 was the Obama administration using taxpayer resources to ratchet up racial tensions in a local crime case and literally creating key story points in the narrative, such as forcing the sheriff to temporarily resign. At the same time, the President himself made an emotional statement about the victim with direct reference to his race, without revealing that he had worked with the victim’s attorney a few years earlier in a similar case. At the same time, Obama media ally (and Sharpton employer) NBC outrageously edited the Zimmerman audio to make Zimmerman appear racist. All these manipulative and deceptive uses of the race card–pushed along by the Holder DOJ at taxpayer expense–happened just months before the 2012 presidential election. The only reason this isn’t a major scandal already is the media hasn’t ever done its job and declared it one. PoliticsGeorge ZimmermanTrayvon MartinWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartJanes Atlas says as above, so below.Elsewhere in the plane — “on the other side of the curtain,” as the first-class and business cabins are referred to — dinners are being served on white linen tablecloths, with actual bone china. Everyone’s got their “amenities kit” — one of those little nylon bags containing slippers, an eyeshade and a toothbrush. And legroom? Tons. While our seat width contracts — on some airlines by nearly eight inches in recent years — the space up front continues to expand: Emirates Airlines now offers, as part of its “first-class private suite,” a private room with minibar, wide-screen TV and “lie-flat bed.”This stark class division should come as no surprise: what’s happening in the clouds mirrors what’s happening on the ground. Statusization — to coin a useful term — is ubiquitous, no matter what your altitude. While you’re in your hospital bed spooning up red Jell-O, a patient in a private suite is enjoying strawberries and cream. On your way to a Chase A.T.M., you notice a silver plaque declaring the existence within of Private Client Services. This man has a box seat at a Yankees game; that man has a skybox. And the skybox isn’t the limit: high overhead, the 1 percent fly first class; the .1 percent fly Netjets; the .01 fly their own planes. Why should it be any different up above from down below? ...I learned from a blogger just how close we are to class warfare in the sky. Disgusted by the grubby conditions on his flight, this Robespierre of the unfriendly skies invokes the French Revolution and warns: If you annoy “the salt of the earth enough, the rank and file and what have you, sometimes you wind up beheaded.” Let them eat Pringles.Come on in.  I've reserved a first class seat for you with hot and cold running opinions.Leslie Gelb and Dimitri Simes are worried that we're facing, if not Cold War 2.0, at least a kind of Cold Shoulder.Russia and China appear to have decided that, to better advance their own interests, they need to knock Washington down a peg or two. Neither probably wants to kick off a new cold war, let alone hot conflicts, and their actions in the case of Mr. Snowden show it. China allowed him into Hong Kong, but gently nudged his departure, while Russia, after some provocative rhetoric, seems to have now softened its tone.If any country’s security is threatened by nuclear inferiority, it is Russia. Russia already is below the level of forces specified in the 2010 New START treaty; the United States remains above it. The latest data exchange mandated by the treaty, and verified by on-site inspections, showed that as of March, the Russians had 1,480 operational warheads on 492 long-range missiles and bombers. Meanwhile, the United States maintained 1,654 operational warheads on 792 long-range missiles and bombers.Carl Hiaasen is one of several pundits who thinks that, in charging George Zimmerman with second-degree murder, the state set the bar too high.The facts in the killing of Trayvon Martin pointed to manslaughter from the beginning, and even then prosecutors would have had their hands full. They might yet persuade the jury to find Zimmerman guilty of that lesser charge, but it will require a deft change of strategy. ...Typically in Florida, a second-degree murder case must have the elements of ill will or spite, a state of mind more easily proven in a fatal bar fight than a chance encounter. Zimmerman had never met Martin, so prosecutors were left to use Zimmerman’s words on the police call as evidence of a general antipathy, if not toward blacks then towards a class of what he perceived as neighborhood “punks.”Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon vetoed a bill Friday that would have declared virtually every federal gun law invalid and subjected federal agents to state charges for enforcing them. Among other things, the measure would have invalidated federal rules banning the possession of machine guns and silencers, requiring gun dealers to be licensed and mandating a waiting period on gun sales.But the Republican-dominated state legislature passed the measure, House Bill 436, by more than the two-thirds majority required to override the veto. So it may be just a matter of time before Nixon, a Democrat, finds himself leading the state of "Missuzi."Barack Obama shares an opinion of his own. Needless to say. This is your Read It All offering of the morning.Many Americans who already feel the effects of climate change don't have time to deny it — they're busy dealing with it. Firefighters are braving longer wildfire seasons. Farmers are seeing crops wilt one year and wash away the next. Families in the West are worried about water that's drying up. And while we know no single weather event is caused solely by climate change, we also know that in an increasingly warmer world, all weather events are affected by it.The costs of inaction can be measured in lost lives and livelihoods, lost homes and businesses, higher food costs and insurance premiums, and hundreds of billions of dollars in emergency services and disaster relief. So the question is not whether we need to act, but whether we will have the courage to act before it's too late. And how we answer will have a profound impact on the world we leave to our children and to future generations.In addition to inventing the computer mouse, Engelbart helped develop other technologies that have become commonplace in the computing world, including pioneering hypertext, networking, and the early stages of graphical user interfaces. He will always be one of the giants of Silicon Valley.Most famously, Engelbart gave a now-legendary presentation on December 8, 1968, in San Francisco later known as “The Mother of all Demos.” In it, he gave the world’s first demonstration of the computer mouse, video conferencing, teleconferencing, hypertext, word processing, hypermedia, object addressing and dynamic file linking, and a collaborative real-time editor.WASHINGTON -- Many Michigan residents may be suspicious when asked in general about President Barack Obama's proposals for gun control , however, they appear to support the specific recommendations.A poll by EPIC-MRA of Lansing, Mich. -- released exclusively to the Detroit Free Press and WXYZ-TV, Detroit -- shows majority support among state residents for prohibiting the sale or possession of so-called assault weapons, banning high-capacity ammunition magazines and requiring background checks for all firearm purchases.Those are three of the top suggestions made by Obama last month in the wake of the December school shootings in Newtown, Conn. But when asked in general how they felt about "President Obama's proposed changes in national gun laws," 44% of respondents said they were opposed, compared with 42% who were in favor. Fourteen percent were undecided.Taken together, those results suggest that when it comes to people's opinions about gun control and the Second Amendment right to bear arms, very little can be taken for granted.For instance, Beverly Ballew, 59, of Grosse Pointe Shores, Mich., said while she could support increasing background checks, limiting certain high-capacity ammunition magazines and prohibiting access to anything that could fire rounds repeatedly with a single pull of the trigger, she remains suspicious of any proposals Obama puts forward."I don't trust him No.1," she said. "No. 2, I'm very supportive of the Second Amendment."For the poll, EPIC-MRA surveyed 600 Michigan voters between Feb. 5-10. The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.Despite splitting over Obama's proposals, respondents supported banning high-capacity ammunition magazines by a 58%-38% margin and prohibiting the manufacture, possession or sale of "semi-automatic assault weapons, such as the AK-47 or the AR-15, 54%-43%.The margin was even higher for requiring background checks for all gun sales — with 86% in favor compared with 12% opposed.Rob Harris, the media director for Michigan Open Carry, a group which advocates the legality of unconcealed possession of firearms in public, said the results show how potentially misleading the issue — and the terms used in the debate — can be."Most people that you would come across in society today don't know what an assault weapon is," he said. "If you ask a general person, they're going to say it's a machine gun, and that's not the case. ... It's a scary word that scares a lot of people who are not in the know."Steve Dulan, with the Michigan Coalition for Responsible Gun Owners, said many of the definitions applied in the gun debate have "been an attempt to mislead people on this issue.""I don't think that's even in question," he said.Unlike a fully automatic weapon — such as those used by the military and some law enforcement — a semi-automatic assault weapon still requires a shooter to pull the trigger to fire each round. So-called assault weapons typically don't require a shooter to manually load another round, and gun control advocates argue their military design is antithetical to sporting uses.Proposing a return of the assault weapon ban that expired in 2004, Obama said last month that weapons such as the rifle used in a shooting at an Aurora, Colo., movie theater last summer "when paired with high-capacity magazines" have "one purpose — to pump out as many bullets as possible, as quickly as possible.""These military style weapons, there's no reason why anyone outside the military needs them," said David L. Garrett Jr., 68, of Bloomfield Hills, Mich.With a doctorate in chemistry, Garrett — a retired chief materials engineer at General Motors and Delphi — said he has no problem with firearms for sport, but semi-automatic weapons and high-capacity magazines should be banned. He doubts it will happen, though."With the Republicans in office (and holding the majority in the U.S. House), not a chance," he said.The EPIC-MRA poll showed that while self-described Democrats broke by a better than two-to-one margin in favor of Obama's recommendations and Republicans by a more than two-to-one margin against, independent voters were split 40% in favor, 42% against. Slightly more than half of men — 52% — were opposed to Obama's proposals, compared with 38% in favor and 10% undecided; 45% of women were in favor, compared with 36% against and 19% undecided."I think it just shows that while Americans are united in their support for the Second Amendment it needs to go hand in hand with keeping guns out of the hands of dangerous individuals," said Zach Pohl, executive director of Progress Michigan, a liberal activist group.Early voting began Thursday, continued through Friday and Saturday and will resume Monday. The election is on Tuesday.The recall initiative was launched by gun rights activists against the Colorado Springs Democrat John Morse and Sen. Angela Giron of Pueblo because of their votes for the gun laws that include limiting the size of ammunition magazines and requiring universal background checks.The Denver Post reports that Republicans are dominating in the early voting in Morse’s district and Democrats will have a lot of votes to make up if they want to keep Morse in office.The vote totals so far from the El Paso County clerk and recorder show that although Republicans only comprise 26 percent of Morse’s Senate District 11, they account for 41 percent of the early voting. Here are the figures:VOTER REGISTRATION: 69,481
Unaffiliated: 26,725 or 37.81%
Democrats: 23,344 or 33.59%
Republicans: 18,174 or 26.15%
Libertarians: 716 or 1.03%
Green Party: 278 or 0.40%
American Constitution: 244 or 0.35%TURNOUT SO FAR: 9,485
Republicans: 3,923 or 41.36%
Democrats: 3,081 or 32.48%
Unaffiliated: 2,351 or 24.7%
Other: 130 or 1.37%
Meanwhile, Democrats are dominating in the recall voting for the other Democratic senator, Angela Giron of Pueblo as it currently stands.As the actual recall election goes into its seventh day Sunday, it’s Democrats – many of whom are likely Giron supporters – who continue to hold a sizable lead in voting.Friday morning, Pueblo County election officials said 5,887 Democrats had voted during the week compared with 3,314 Republicans and 2,054 independents.That gives Democrats nearly a 2-to-1 margin over Republicans.The ConversationSenateUniversal.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Former lawmaker addresses SenateInfluential figures on both sides of the gun control debate tangled Wednesday over the effectiveness of background checks, with the husband of wounded former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords urging an overhaul and a top National Rifle Association official saying "homicidal maniacs" will skirt the system no matter what.NRA Executive Vice President Wayne LaPierre was the final witness to testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee as the panel begins to consider new legislation. He argued that more security and more enforcement, but not new laws, is the answer to gun violence.He specifically knocked down a call by President Obama and others for "universal" background checks, particularly at gun shows."When it comes to background checks, let's be honest -- background checks will never be universal because criminals will never submit to them," LaPierre said.But Giffords' husband Mark Kelly argued that improving the background check system should be a priority. He said holes in the law "make a mockery" of the system -- echoing Obama's recent proposal, he called for submitting private sales to background checks as well. He further argued that stronger background checks could have prevented the mass shooting in January 2011 where his wife was shot in the head.LaPierre later got into an argument over the issue with Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., after LaPierre argued that more background checks would merely subject "law-abiding people" to more taxes and fees and hassle without going after "bad guys.""Mr. LaPierre that's the point," Durbin said. "The criminals won't get to purchase the guns because there'll be a background check. We'll stop them from the original purchase -- you missed that point completely. I think it's basic."Raising his voice, LaPierre said: "Senator, I think you missed the point!" Chairman Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., then banged the gavel and called for order.The disagreement was one of several sticking points as the Senate Judiciary Committee held the first gun control hearing since Obama released a comprehensive gun control plan earlier this month.LaPierre pressed for enforcing existing laws over creating new ones. "Prosecuting criminals who misuse firearms works," LaPierre testified. "Unfortunately, we've seen a dramatic collapse in federal gun prosecutions in recent years."He continued: "Proposing more gun control laws, while failing to enforce the thousands we already have -- it's not a serious solution for reducing crime."The panel was stacked with high-profile witnesses on both sides of the debate. Giffords, who was shot while meeting with constituents outside an Arizona supermarket in January 2011, made a surprise appearance at the start of the hearing Wednesday morning to urge Congress to act."We must do something," Giffords said, speaking slowly but clearly. "It will be hard, but the time is now. ... You must act."Giffords urged lawmakers to "be bold, be courageous." She later met with President Obama at the White House."Violence is a big problem. Too many children are dying," the former congresswoman said. Six people were killed, and 12 were wounded, in the Arizona attack. The fatal shooting at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., last month brought the issue of gun control back to the fore of the congressional agenda.Kelly, speaking after his wife, called for a "careful and civil conversation" about limitations on firearms. He noted that he and Giffords own guns, but are "anti-gun violence."He said a "matrix" of failures contributes to the country's gun violence problem, including mental illness and poverty, but also gun laws. He said the complexity is "not an excuse for inaction." Kelly said weapons designed to inflict maximum damage have turned corners of America "into places of carnage and gross human loss."Kelly briefly described how the 2011 shooting affected his family, leaving his wife partially blind and struggling to walk. Kelly and Giffords have formed a political action committee called Americans for Responsible Solutions to back lawmakers who support tighter gun restrictions and counter the influence of the NRA.LaPierre, though, argued that prosecution for federal weapons violations in 2011 was essentially down 35 percent, compared to previous administrations, which he says means violent felons, gang members and the mentally ill who possess firearms are not being prosecuted."That is completely and totally unacceptable," said LaPierre, who suggested fixing the country's "broken" mental-health system become part of the solution to gun violence -- including making patient records part of the National Instant Criminal Background Check System.The hearing, titled "What Should America Do about Gun Violence," takes place roughly seven weeks after a lone gunman with psychological problems used an assault weapon to kill 20 first-graders and six adults inside a Connecticut elementary school, prompting renewed calls for more gun control.The NRA, with 4.5 million active members, remains the most powerful gun-rights advocacy group in the country.Obama is calling for a renewed ban on semi-automatic weapons and high-capacity magazines, along with more extensive background checks.LaPierre said the group is willing to work with Congress and the president in curbing gun violence, but "law-abiding gun owners will not accept blame for the acts of violent or deranged criminals. Nor do we believe the government should dictate what we can lawfully own and use to protect our families."Under questioning from Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., Baltimore County Police Chief James Johnson said Wednesday that the current background check system has already stopped nearly 2 million "prohibited purchases" between 1994 and 2009.Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., has already introduced legislation taking similar steps to Obama's proposals.The California Democrat on Tuesday said she will hold her own hearing on gun control because she was unhappy that three of the five witnesses testifying Wednesday are "skewed against us."  Feinstein is a member of the Judiciary Committee.Despite the momentum gun control advocates have gained since the massacre in Newtown, Conn, it will be difficult for them to prevail in Congress this year because of the popularity of guns in many states -- including several represented by Democratic senators -- and the formidable muscle of the NRA on Capitol Hill, lawmakers and others say.Among other obstacles, the Republican-run House has shown little immediate interest in making dramatic changes in the laws.At the Senate hearing, Leahy, D-Vt., said lawmakers were not trying to take away Americans' guns."They're not at risk. ... what is at risk are lives," he said.The committee's top Republican, Sen. Charles Grassley, said he welcomed the "renewed discussion" on gun violence.But he voiced skepticism about a renewed ban on assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. "Those can be circumvented by carrying multiple guns," Grassley said.The Associated Press contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        Jan. 14, 2013: Sen. Tim Sheldon, D-Potlatch, sits at his desk on the Senate floor at the Capitol in Olympia, Wash. (AP)In 1970, Washington became the first -- and remains the only -- state in the country to legalize elective abortions by a popular vote.A generation later, and 40 years removed from the landmark United States Supreme Court Roe v. Wade ruling that extended abortion access nationwide, Washington is once again poised to stand out.With 21 states having adopted bans or severe restrictions on insurance companies from paying for abortions, Washington is alone in seriously considering legislation mandating the opposite.The Reproductive Parity Act, as supporters call it, would require insurers in Washington state who cover maternity care -- which all insurers must do -- to also pay for abortions.The bill passed the state House earlier this month by a vote of 53-43, though it faces an uncertain future in the Senate. A similar bill in the New York state Assembly has been introduced each session for over a decade but has never received a public hearing."This is a core value for Washingtonians," said Melanie Smith, a lobbyist for NARAL Pro-Choice Washington. "We should protect it while we still have it and not leave access to basic health care up to an insurance company."The proximate cause of Washington state's measure is the federal Affordable Care Act. Thanks to language placed in it to assuage anti-abortion congressional Democrats, insurers selling their plans on the state exchanges taking effect next year will have to segregate the premiums they collect for abortion coverage.In addition to that built-in disincentive to insuring abortion, the law also invites states to enact stricter rules of their own. Thus far, 16 states have followed suit, barring or restricting insurance companies on their exchanges from covering the procedure. Three of those states are joining the five that have barred or limited all insurers from covering abortions since the early 1980's.Supporters of Washington state's proposed abortion insurance mandate are careful to stress that it wouldn't lead to a dramatic uptick in abortions or require carriers with a religious bent to cover the procedure. They also note that a pair of federal plans that will be sold on all 50 state exchanges will be barred from covering elective abortions."It's not expanding abortion coverage," said Democratic Rep. Eileen Cody of West Seattle, the bill's primary sponsor. "It's ensuring the rights of women to get what they're paying for now and to continue their freedom of choice."Opponents counter that the measure would require businesses and individuals to pay for abortion coverage they'd rather not have."Washington state would be the only state in the country that would force employers to pay for abortion," said Peggy O'Ban, spokeswoman for Human Life of Washington.If passed, she said, it would amount to "the first conscience coercion act in American history."Its passage, however, is not assured.Proponents of the measure say they have the votes they need in the state Senate, but it's not clear that Senate leaders will allow it to get to the floor. It is scheduled to receive a public hearing in the Senate Health Care Committee on April 1.Ironically, the man bill supporters will likely blame if it fails to get a Senate vote counts himself as a proud backer of the measure.Sen. Rodney Tom of Medina, a fiscal conservative and social moderate, and one other like-minded Democrat crossed party lines to caucus with Republicans in December, handing a one-vote majority to the GOP. Seizing power for the first time in nearly a decade, elated Senate Republicans reciprocated by installing Tom as Majority Leader.Last month, Tom addressed about 250 advocates rallying for the measure's passage on the state Capitol steps."I'm down here making sure that my 17-year-old daughter has the kind of protections that we need in Washington state and that all of our kids have those same kinds of protections," Tom said to cheers.Moments later, Gov. Jay Inslee, a Democrat and fellow bill supporter, delivered a not-so-subtle challenge to Tom's political will.Washington state "deserves a vote in the state Senate on the Reproductive Parity Act," Inslee said. "We are going to insist that we are not going to let anybody close the door to democracy in this state."Another irony: though the bill has proved to be among the most hotly contested of the session, its broader impact if passed may be less than sweeping.For one thing, most abortions are paid for out-of-pocket. According to the Guttmacher Institute, only 12 percent of abortions nationwide are paid for by private insurers, with 20 percent footed by Medicaid.For another, because most abortions cost less than a live birth -- the procedure typically runs about $500, though late-term abortions are far more expensive -- insurers may be disinclined to stop covering them.At present, all major insurers in Washington state cover abortions, and Cody, the bill's sponsor, said she knows of no carrier with plans to change. Insurers new to Washington state on its exchange may be tempted to adopt different policies, she said.No matter its immediate impact, said Elizabeth Nash, states issues manager with the Guttmacher Institute, the bill's passage would be a watershed event."It would be a model for other states to follow," she said.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      The Arkansas legislature has passed the strictest anti-abortion law in the US, defying the governor's warning it would draw the state into a court battle.The bill, one of several anti-abortion measures enacted since Republicans won control of the state legislature in November, bans most abortions after the 12th week of pregnancy.The legislature on Wednesday overrode Democratic Governor Mike Beebe's veto.Abortion rights supporters plan to sue to stop the law from taking effect.The law, called the Human Heartbeat Protection Act, bans abortions after 12 weeks, when a foetal heartbeat can generally be detected in an ultrasound scan.The bill will take effect over the summer unless halted by a court. "I'm just grateful that this body has continued to stand up for the bills that have passed. The eyes of the entire nation were on the Arkansas House of Representatives today," said sponsor Senator Jason Rapert after the state House overrode Gov Beebe's veto with a 56-33 vote.The bill would not prosecute women who terminate a pregnancy, but doctors who perform the procedure could have their medical licences revoked.The move comes days after the state legislature voted to override another veto by the governor, this time to push through an immediate ban on abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy.The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) of Arkansas and the Center for Reproductive Rights are preparing to file a federal lawsuit challenging the 12-week ban."The whole thing has not only been a slap in the face of Arkansas women but a serious bruising for the state of Arkansas and any efforts it has tried to make to present itself as a progressive, forward-thinking state where people might want to live and work," ACLU of Arkansas Executive Director Rita Sklar told the Arkansas Times."It's a giant leap back in time."Gov Beebe called the law "blatantly unconstitutional" and warned the legislature that a legal battle could be expensive, after he vetoed the measure on Monday.The governor said the bill contradicted the landmark 1973 Supreme Court opinion in the case of Roe v Wade, which ruled abortion was legal until the foetus could survive outside the womb.Scientists generally agree a foetus becomes viable at about 22 to 24 weeks.Both the 12-week and 20-week laws include exemptions for rape, incest, and cases when the mother's life is in danger or the foetus is diagnosed with an extremely serious disorder.Inside Mississippi's last abortion clinicPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'9Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.But South Carolina is solidly Red, right? Romney won the state by 11 points, right? So it doesn't matter! Except that in raw totals, Romney won by around 204,000 votes. And Republicans assume (perhaps rightly) that every Obamacare beneficiary will become much more favorable toward the government. And if you start thinking government can help you, Republicans don't stand a chance.So for the them, it's bad enough that nearly 200,000 South Carolina residents (mostly children) will soon be part of their so-called "culture of dependency". That alone has potentially negative electoral ramifications. But had South Carolina taken federal dollars to give another 340,000 of its residents access to low-cost health services, their entire GOP's existence would be imperiled.That's why Republicans continue to fight tooth and nail against Obamacare, from seeking its repeal to sabotaging its rollout. It's an existential crisis. The more people benefit, the harder it will be for them to argue that government is irreparably broken and must be drowned in Grover Norquist's bathtub.  

We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartSign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from  The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications?The Obama administration said Sunday that it had met its goal of improving the online health-insurance marketplace so that it works well for the vast majority of users but acknowledged it still has extensive work to do to buttress a troubled Web site that has marred the rollout of President Obama’s signature health-care initiative. After a series of technical fixes and capacity upgrades, many of which were made over the past week, HealthCare.gov is now working more than 90 percent of the time — a big improvement over October, when the site was operating only about 43 percent of the time and frequently crashed, said Jeffrey Zients, the administration official overseeing the improvements.“Bottom line, HealthCare.gov on December 1st is night and day from where it was on October 1st,” when the site was launched, Zients said in a teleconference with reporters Sunday morning.Even with the improved performance, some people are likely to encounter problems on the site. And there is another worry — reports sent to insurance companies about who has enrolled in health plans include errors that could cause problems when people try to use their new insurance plans next year.Administration officials, in talking to reporters, were careful not to declare a full-fledged victory. In a report issued Sunday, officials with the Department of Health and Human Services said the next few months would require further work to “improve and enhance the website and continue to improve the consumer experience.” Officials have also said repeatedly that consumers might still encounter difficulties and urged them to use the call center and seek help from specially trained personnel. Still, the announcement is a milestone for the administration, which has struggled to improve the Web site since its botched Oct. 1 launch.New challenges lie ahead. Most Americans are required to have health insurance starting Jan. 1, and the administration is racing to meet its now-tougher goal of enrolling 7 million uninsured people in health coverage by the end of March.When the Web site launched, the uninsured, as well as people who were looking for better or cheaper coverage, were supposed to be able to go online to browse plans and rates, apply for subsidies and enroll in health plans. But many have encountered numerous technical difficulties on HealthCare.gov, the main portal for 36 states, as well as on a number of state-run Web sites.Fixing the federal Web site was a crucial first step for the administration to restore trust in the health program, which has suffered in the polls this fall. It was also critical from a practical standpoint; people buying insurance on the marketplaces have until Dec. 23 to sign up for health plans that take effect on Jan. 1.It may be hard to assess how well the site has met expectations until it handles a higher volume of visitors as Dec. 23 approaches. The announcement offered some relief to Democratic lawmakers, who have struggled to defend the administration’s handling of the law.“This is the equivalent of having a great item that you want to buy in the store but not being able to get through the front door,” Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) said Sunday on CBS’s “Face the Nation.” “It sounds like the front door has been opened successfully now.”Republicans said additional flaws in the site would soon emerge.“When this Web site gets fixed, the problems really start for this administration,” former senator Rick Santorum of Pennsylvania said on CNN’s “State of the Union.”Zients, on his call with reporters, said the number of people on the site was higher Saturday than it had been for all but the first days after the exchange launched.Among those who tried to log on was Sandy Kush, 49, an unemployed medical transcriptionist from Illinois who tried six times in October to use HealthCare.gov, with no success.She tried again Sunday and, with the help of a call-center representative, was able to enroll in Medicaid — a stopgap measure, she said, until she can find a new job that offers insurance. The whole experience took about an hour and a half but “was pretty smooth,” she said.Others reported problems getting all the way through the process. Liz Gallops, 33, a North Carolina insurance broker who has tried unsuccessfully to get coverage through the site, said that HealthCare.gov seemed to be working better Sunday but that at one point she got a message stating that the system “cannot finish your application now.”In the HHS report, ad­ministration officials offered a harsh assessment of the HealthCare.gov project and blamed the problems on hundreds of software bugs and inadequate hardware and infrastructure, as well as poor leadership. “The system monitoring and response mechanisms were not sufficient for identifying issues or bugs or responding to them in real time,” it said. “Inadequate management oversight and coordination among technical teams prevented real-time decision making and efficient responses to address the issues with the site.”But the officials said they had reorganized over the past five weeks and had put one firm in charge of the fixes, held “war room” meetings on critical issues and changed the decision-making culture so their team is “operating with private-sector velocity and effectiveness.”Zients said workers made more than 400 bug fixes and upgraded the software used for the enrollment process. The results are additional capacity, a faster response time and much-improved stability on the Web site, he said. About 50 fixes were made Saturday night, Zients said.“We have a much more stable system that’s reliably open for business,” he said. “HealthCare.gov can now support intended volumes.”The HHS report concluded that most of the department’s benchmarks for this weekend had been met. The average system response time when a person calls up a page on the Web site is under one second and the rate at which people are encountering error messages is “consistently well below 1 percent,” the report said, The online system is stable — not crashing — more than 90 percent of the time, officials said. And the report said that the site can handle as many as 50,000 shoppers at the same time and up to 800,000 visits a day.The report said the administration has yet to meet at least one of its key goals: reducing the site’s average response time to half a second. And government officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss ongoing operations, cautioned last week that they will not know if they have expanded the site’s carrying capacity to 50,000 users at once until they have that many users online.Administration officials said they have set up a system to help consumers if they cannot immediately get access to the site during peak demand. If consumers visit the site when it is at capacity, they may leave an e-mail address to receive a notification from the site with a link that allows them to “go to the front of the queue when they come back to the site,” Zients said.During the daytime Sunday, the site did not attract anywhere near the maximum number of users that HHS officials say HealthCare.gov should now be able to handle. The peak usage per hour came about noon, when 16,259 people were on the site at once, according to a government official with knowledge of the project.Meanwhile, throughout the day Sunday, the site was meeting the administration’s target of an error rate of less than 1 percent, the official said, but the speed at which pages were loaded was roughly one per second, double the goal of a half-second. The report did not address the “back-end” parts of the systems that consumers do not see, including the error-filled enrollment reports. Insurers have warned that if the problem is not fixed soon, some people may show up for doctor’s appointments in January only to find that the insurance company has no record of their enrollment.“Insurers are still receiving enrollment files that are duplicative or include missing or inaccurate information,” Robert Zirkelbach, spokesman for America’s Health Insurance Plans, the industry’s main lobbying group, said Sunday. “In some cases they aren’t receiving those enrollment files at all.” In recent months, consumers having difficulty with the Web site have been turning to agents and brokers for help. But the system does not allow brokers to enter their identity numbers once a person has gotten a subsidy determination, or if the number has been added incorrectly in the past.Without those identity numbers, brokers cannot get paid by insurers or follow up on behalf of clients if there are problems with insurance claims. Regulators cannot track down brokers if there are mistakes. As of Sunday, brokers had not been informed of any fix to this issue.Repairing those problems is critical because “we could get a lot of people enrolled very quickly,” said Janet Trautwein, chief executive of the National Association of Health Underwriters, which represents about 200,000 agents and brokers who together serve about 2 million to 3 million clients.In addition, when consumers turn for help to a broker, an insurer or a call center, the online system still is balking at the critical step of calculating how much each person can qualify for in federal subsidies. Without that information, these assisters cannot complete the process of enrolling most consumers for health plans. Emily Wax-Thibodeaux, Sarah Kliff, Juliet Eilperin, Amy Goldstein and Sean Sullivan contributed to this report.Related stories: Have you used the new exchanges? Share your story here  Understanding the Affordable Care Act  Your Obamacare questions, answered  Everything you need to know about the health-care law’s problems  Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series.  You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. Helped by a marathon speech, Texas Democrats have managed to block a bill that would shut most of the abortion clinics in the state.Democratic state Senator Wendy Davis spoke for more than 10 hours, in a stalling speech known as a filibuster, at the state capitol in Austin.Republicans then scrambled to pass the bill, but the vote was ruled too late for a midnight deadline.The bill would ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy.It would also require all pregnancy terminations to take place in surgical centres. The future of the legislation is now uncertain.The proposal, already passed by the Texas House of Representatives, was debated in the state Senate on Tuesday.During her filibuster, Sen Davis read testimony and messages from women and others opposing the legislation.She also recited previously suggested changes to the bill and recounted her own life story.Sen Davis was picked to lead the filibuster because she had her first child as a teenager and went on to graduate from Harvard Law School."I was a poor, uninsured woman, whose only care was provided through that facility. It was my medical home," said Sen Davis, 50.   Rules of the debate stipulated she must remain standing, not lean on her desk or take any breaks, even for meals or to use the bathroom. Republicans watched for any slip-up that would allow them to end the filibuster. Supporters of the bill protested at one point that Sen Davis had received help from another lawmaker in adjusting a supportive back brace.Texas Lieutenant Governor Dewhurst, who is Senate president, eventually suspended the filibuster after ruling that she had meandered off topic.Democrats appealed that ruling, sparking a debate over parliamentary rules.As the clock ticked to midnight, Republicans rushed to hold a vote on the bill, amid jeers from pro-choice protesters in the public gallery."Get them out!" Republican Senator Donna Campbell shouted to a security guard. "Time is running out."But amid the disruption, Lt Gov Dewhurst said he had been unable to sign the bill within deadline following a 19-10 vote. He blamed an "unruly mob" in the gallery.He reportedly hinted that the vote could be held again at a second special session.Supporters of the bill say the measures will improve safety standards. It requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital.The new law would mean only five of Texas' 42 abortion clinics would be able to remain in operation.But opponents say this would force women to travel hundreds of miles or resort to dangerous methods to obtain a procedure.The US Supreme Court legalised abortion nationwide in 1973, but about a dozen conservative states have enacted laws in recent years that seek to limit the procedure.In March, North Dakota banned abortions once a foetal heartbeat is detected - as early as six weeks - in the most restrictive law of its kind in the US.Earlier this month, the Republican-controlled US House of Representatives in Washington DC passed a bill banning abortions 20 weeks after fertilisation. But the measure is unlikely to become law because Democrats control the US Senate and the White House.Arkansas adopts strict abortion banUS House passes abortion-limits billAbortion doctor guilty of murdersPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'9Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.In the public relations push for his takeover of the American health care system, President Obama promised that those who like their insurance could keep it, premiums would decrease, and no one would lose their doctor. We know now those were all lies told repeatedly and never questioned by a media that is still looking the other way. Another promise Obama made was that ObamaCare would not fund abortions. LifeNews reports that this was also a lie:The ObamaCare statute specifically requires the issuers of Exchange plans that cover abortion to “collect from each enrollee in the plan” a “separate payment” for the type of abortions for which funding is prohibited under the Hyde Amendment (which is all abortions other than in cases of life of the mother, rape, or incest) and a separate payment for all other services. [42 U.S.C. 18023(b)]. These separate payments are then to be deposited into separate accounts.During the regulatory process, commenters questioned HHS on how this was to be implemented, and according to HHS, the commenters “recommended that HHS clarify . . . whether [Exchange plan] issuers may satisfy the separate payment provision by providing each enrollee with an itemized bill, and whether an enrollee’s coverage would be terminated for failure to comply with the separate payment provision.” Rather than doing so, HHS merely said that the comments would be taken into consideration in any future guidance. [77 Fed. Reg. 18430 (March 27, 2012)].Now, despite the clear language of the ObamaCare statute, it appears that the separate check requirement is not going to be enforced by the Obama Administration. Gretchen Borchelt, director of state reproductive health policy at the National Women’s Law Center, told the Huffington Post that “we used to talk about it as being two checks that the consumer would have to write because of the segregation requirements, but that’s not the way it’s being implemented.” (Huffington Post, Sept. 3, 2013).Likewise, a spokeswoman for Rhode Island’s Exchange told PolitiFact Rhode Island that “the customer is not billed a separate fee.” (Politifact, Oct. 2, 2013. The Rhode Island Exchange will handle the billing, not the plan issuers). As PolitiFact notes, “it turns out to be a hidden fee.”There is nothing the media is willing to make Obama pay a political price for. Not even repeatedly lying to millions who are about to lose their insurance or forcing people to violate their conscience over the abomination of abortion.   Follow  John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                PoliticsHuffington Post.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartBack to previous pageSen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) ended his marathon talking attack on President Obama’s health-care law Wednesday after 21 hours and 19 minutes — a feat of stamina that seems likely to complicate House GOP efforts to pass a funding bill aimed at averting a looming government shutdown.The freshman senator ceded the floor — and got his first opportunity for a bathroom break — at noon, after running up against a deadline imposed by Senate procedural rules. A little over an hour later the Senate voted to choke off the first filibuster hurdle on its own version of the funding bill, which is the first step toward allowing Democrats to include funding for the health-care law that had previously been stripped out by the House.Both houses of Congress must reach agreement on funding legislation by Monday night to avoid most federal agencies closing on Tuesday. (
Read a transcript of Cruz’s remarks on Tuesday.
)Meanwhile, a similarly contentious debate is simmering over raising the federal debt ceiling, with Treasury Secretary Jack Lew warning Wednesday that the nation will exhaust its emergency borrowing capacity no later than Oct. 17.Despite urging from some of his colleagues not to stage the talkathon, Cruz took the floor Tuesday afternoon promising to speak against the health-care law “until I am no longer able to stand.”  To most Americans, it looked like a traditional filibuster, fixed in the popular imagination by Jimmy Stewart’s performance in “Mr. Smith Goes to Washington.” But parliamentary procedures already in place meant that Cruz eventually would have to yield the floor.Cruz’s controversial strategy shrank the window available for House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio) and his colleagues to respond with a different version of the legislation. 

(INTERACTIVE: Longest filibusters of all time
) 


By 5 a.m., the length of Cruz’s marathon discourse had surpassed lengthy filibusters by Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) in March and the late Sen. Robert C. Byrd (D-W.Va.) in 1964. He earned a lead spot on all three network morning news shows, acknowledging that he was “a little bit” tired but still looking remarkably fresh. The television anchors dubbed Cruz’s effort a “talkathon,” even as they explained to viewers that his effort would not derail the legislative process. The senator, still wearing the dark suit and light blue tie he had donned the previous day, kept his composure throughout his marathon presentation.
The Cruz talkathon was the latest example of the increasingly stark division among Republicans, both on Capitol Hill and nationally. The Texas newcomer, just 42 and nine months into his first term in office, is carrying the banner for conservatives who urge a take-no-prisoners approach in confronting the president, even if it means shuttering the government. But the move angered senior Republicans, who complained that Cruz and the other junior senators pushing this strategy did not understand the wounds the GOP suffered during the mid-1990s shutdown battles with President Bill Clinton. Back then, the party controlled both the House and Senate, a luxury compared with its tenuous majority in the House today.“I just don’t believe anybody benefits from shutting the government down, and certainly Republicans don’t. We learned that in 1995,” said Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (Utah), the dean of the GOP caucus. “We’re in the minority. We have to find a way of standing up for our principles without immolating ourselves in front of everybody, in a way when we don’t have the votes to do it.”Some suggested that the clashing approaches were the latest evidence of a party adrift, both on policy and strategic thinking. “We haven’t had much of a strategy on anything to this point. Everybody’s shooting from the hip,” said Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.). Boehner and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) originally preferred a different approach that would have required Democrats to vote for the health-care funds, while GOP senators could have symbolically opposed.Cruz played a leading role, along with outside conservative groups, in pushing House Republicans to take a harder line. House Republicans on Friday passed a bill without funding for Obamacare, exactly as Cruz wanted. McConnell had hoped that he could get Cruz and his band of allies to relent so that the Senate could pass something by Friday. He even convened an extra meeting, in addition to the weekly Tuesday policy luncheon, at which several senators said Cruz was urged to drop some of his delaying tactics so that Boehner could get the legislation before late Sunday or early Monday. But Cruz would not budge. “We don’t need fake fights. We don’t need fake votes. We need real change. We need a better economy. We need more jobs,” Cruz said early Tuesday afternoon, rejecting the original Boehner-McConnell plan.All through the night and well into the morning, Cruz’s oratory touched on a broad mix of subjects and sources, including lyrics from a song by country music star Toby Keith; quotations from the popular reality television show “Duck Dynasty;” recollections of how his father, Rafael Cruz, used to make green eggs and ham for breakfast; and a recent acceptance speech by actor Ashton Kutcher at an awards show.At one point Tuesday night, Cruz opted to read bedtime stories to his two young daughters, who he said were home in Texas watching television with his wife. Cruz first read King Solomon’s Wise Words from the Book of Proverbs and then the Dr. Seuss classic “Green Eggs and Ham,” which he said was one of his favorite children’s books.Several times Cruz read supportive messages sent to his office via Twitter.Cruz was permitted to yield to colleagues for long-form questions but could not leave the floor or sit while his effort was under way. Several like-minded Senate conservatives took turns giving him respite Tuesday evening, including Paul and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), two 2016 presidential aspirants. Rubio returned to the Senate floor Wednesday morning, along with Sen. James M. Inhofe (R-Okla.).Cruz’s most frequent partner has been Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah), who at times phrased “questions” that stretched for almost an hour and included detailed critiques of Supreme Court decisions and a series of recollections from his younger years, all designed to draw attention to his concerns about the health-care law.The extended discourse by Cruz and Lee is the culmination of a strategy they began developing in the summer when Lee, first elected in 2010, started looking for allies to defund the health-care law by using annual spending bills for federal agencies as potential leverage.Lee and Cruz launched a commercial campaign that targeted fellow Republicans with ads designed to pressure GOP senators to support the pair’s shutdown strategy. Senior colleagues have rejected the approach, and instead have grown more angry.A series of junior Democratic senators presided over the Senate chamber through the night, as Cruz talked on and on and on. Sen. Elizabeth Warren (Mass.) passed the time scanning her iPad. Reporters spotted Sen. Chris Murphy (Conn.) returning to the U.S. Capitol shortly before 11 p.m. with a Red Bull in hand.“There’s no point to this other than advancing the career of one or two senators,” Murphy said as he wrapped up his two-hour shift around 1 a.m.As dawn neared, Cruz began leaning more on the podium at his desk, which was surrounded by binders and stacks of paper. In case he ever lost his sense of place, a large yellow Post-it note reminded him in blue ink: “Yield only for the purpose of a question. Be careful!”










Rosalind Helderman and Jeff Simon contributed to this report.




RELATED: 25 leading conservative voices



©  The Washington Post CompanyPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Latest news from around the globe."Who would have believed that the regime would kill its own people with chemicals and warplanes?" Bashir Abazayd asks, reflecting on a decade of conflict.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALRICHMOND, Va. (AP) — It was the kickoff of a "Stop Amnesty Tour" organized by the Tea Party Patriots and other groups. But the crowd was so sparse that immigrant advocates were soon gleefully circulating photos of the featured speaker, Republican Rep. Steve King of Iowa, standing alone on an empty stage.The rally at a public park in Richmond, Va., earlier this month, along with the subsequent cancellation or postponement of several similar events, points to an emerging reality during Congress' five-week summer recess: Opposition to overhauling immigration laws appears notably muted, almost tame. Meanwhile, advocates who support comprehensive overhaul legislation are claiming they've changed at least a handful of minds among House Republicans.During Congress' last attempt to remake the immigration system, in 2007, public backlash helped kill the bill as angry calls overwhelmed the Senate switchboard. This summer, other issues, notably President Barack Obama's health care law, seem to be topping the list of voters' concerns.Constituents opposed to citizenship for immigrants in this country illegally are loudly voicing their views at Republican House members' town hall meetings this month. But advocates of immigration legislation that offers a path to citizenship are having some success getting their supporters to show up, too, even in heavily Republican districts."In a sort of immediate sense, Obamacare is what the party has decided they want to make a big deal of in these town halls, so that's frankly siphoning off a lot of outrage because the people ticked off about Obamacare are the same people ticked off about amnesty," said Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, which opposes higher immigration levels.Plus, the pro-immigration reform side is better organized and funded this time around and many establishment Republicans are on board. "All of that put together means you're not going to see the same level of frantic activity," Krikorian said.What's less clear is how much it will matter once lawmakers return to Washington in September.Immigration overhaul legislation, a top second-term priority for Obama, is in limbo after the Democratic-led Senate in June passed a far-reaching bill that includes tens of billions of dollars for border security, new visa programs to bring more high- and low-skilled workers to the country, requirements for employers to check all workers' legal status, and a 13-year path to citizenship for the 11 million immigrants already in the country illegally.GOP House leaders have rejected that approach, vowing instead to proceed with bills addressing individual immigration issues, beginning with border security. And although by advocates' count more than 20 House Republicans have now declared their support for some kind of citizenship path, the majority of House Republicans remain opposed, creating a potentially unbridgeable divide between the House and the Senate. Congress also faces looming deadlines on the debt ceiling and spending bills to keep the government running. It all adds up to a tough environment for getting an immigration bill to Obama's desk.Nonetheless, pro-immigrant advocates are claiming success in their August recess efforts to pressure House Republicans to act on immigration in the fall. An unusual and deep-pocketed alliance of Catholics and evangelicals, labor unions, business groups and others have been targeting dozens of GOP members viewed as open to hearing them out, and say they'll have momentum on their side when Congress reconvenes."The big story I think of the August recess is that we haven't seen what some had predicted, this major anti-immigrant movement where members of Congress would be heckled into inaction," Galen Carey, vice president of government relations at the National Association of Evangelicals, said on a media call this week to announce a $400,000, 14-state radio ad campaign in support of immigration reform. "We've seen very much that that has been a muted voice, but actually the pro-immigrant voice has been rather prominent at many of the town halls that we have observed."Although there have been no giant public rallies to draw national attention, pro-immigrant advocates have kept up a drumbeat of activity nationwide. They sent some 1,500 supporters into House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy's Bakersfield, Calif., district last week; delivered a 10,000-signature petition to Rep. Blake Farenthold, R-Texas; and launched a statewide tour through Wisconsin, among other activities.They're pointing to comments in the past few weeks from a handful of House Republicans, including Reps. Daniel Webster of Florida, Aaron Schock of Illinois and Dave Reichert of Washington, indicating qualified support for eventual citizenship for immigrants here illegally. So far, though, such comments have not become too widespread, and it's uncertain they'll add up to a real impetus for action in the fall.But immigrant activists who'd been concerned that this summer could be a repeat of the last immigration fight — or of 2009, when irate voters trashed Obama's health care bill at unruly town hall meetings across the country — are starting to breathe easy.The Stop Amnesty Tour event Aug. 12 in Richmond was to have been followed by events in other states, several of which subsequently disappeared from the Tea Party Patriots' website, according to an archived version circulated by the pro-immigrant group America's Voice. Organizers said most were going forward or rescheduled and disputed the claim by America's Voice that events were being canceled due to lack of interest."I think that when I heard about what happened at the Richmond event, we just look at what can we do to improve going forward, and one thing would be to give people more than 72 hours' notice," said Jenny Beth Martin, co-founder of Tea Party Patriots. The group is working on the events with others, including NumbersUSA, which advocates lower immigration levels.The Black American Leadership Alliance, which opposes allowing more immigrants into the country to compete for jobs, canceled a series of rallies, according to cached copies of Facebook postings collected by America's Voice. But Leah Durant, the group's founder, said those events were being held by local groups and the Black American Leadership Alliance was just trying to help support them."When I look at the focus of what's going on, I wouldn't say that there's no enthusiasm," Durant said. "I hear from people every day who say they are very concerned about this.""TWD" showrunner Angela Kang speaks with Insider about Hilarie Burton's casting and wanting to do this episode since the graphic novel debuted.The Canadian popstar says his "heart breaks for innocent civilians being senselessly murdered".A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas flew to Germany on Monday for a medical checkup, Palestinian officials said.  Abbas, 85, has long been in poor health and was admitted to hospital with pneumonia in 2018.  Abbas flew by Jordanian helicopter from his Ramallah headquarters in the Israeli-occupied West Bank to Amman, where he made a brief comment on the placing of Jordanian King Abdullah's half-brother under house arrest.Shohei Ohtani has 'general soreness' after getting into a home-plate collision. Jared Walsh later hits a walk-off home run in the Angels' 7-4 win.Jordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.David Rothkopf: Kerry, Clinton collaborated (accidentally?) to add hopeful twist on Syria In a "goof," Kerry said Syria yielding chemical weapons might avert U.S. strike, Rothkopf saysPotential presidential candidate Clinton called it "important step" and showed her influenceRothkopf: Even if plan fails, it gives Obama cover for trying diplomacy
      Editor’s Note: David Rothkopf writes regularly for CNN.com. He is CEO and editor-at-large of the FP Group, publishers of Foreign Policy magazine, and a visiting scholar at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Follow him on Twitter.
    
  On Monday, President Barack Obama’s two secretaries of state inadvertently collaborated with Russia’s foreign minister to shape a twist in the Syria debate that a day later is looking more and more like a possible way out of the current crisis.  

  It took an idea from being an off-the-cuff throwaway line through being an informal proposal to the point today where it will be proposed for consideration by the United Nations.  Perhaps more importantly for the President, it may help save him from a political showdown in Congress where it seems increasingly likely he cannot win while adding a glimmer of hope to a story that for two weeks has been an unrelenting mess for the White House and of deep concern to the American people.

  The first move came from the current secretary of state, John Kerry.  In a statement that was initially seen as a slip of the tongue (probably because it was), Kerry raised the possibility that if Syria were to give up its chemical weapons, an attack might be avoided.  Although the administration almost immediately backed away from the statement and the British foreign secretary characterized it as impossible, the idea quickly began to gain traction. 

  Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem announced that his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov had proposed that Syria’s chemical weapons be put under some form of international control as a way of forestalling a U.S.-led attack. Moallem went further, welcoming the initiative.  

  It turned out Kerry had spoken to Lavrov.  And while Washington’s first response was natural skepticism given the misrepresentations of the Syrian government in the past, it became clear that if there was any chance such an initiative could spare the president the political debacle of a failed vote in the Congress – and possibly spare the country the costs of another military intervention in the region – some in the administration felt it was worth considering.

  So, hours after a senior official had told CNN the Kerry statement was a “major goof,” the press office in the White House was claiming credit suggesting that the “credible threat” of a U.S. plan had triggered the diplomatic opening.  

  Next up, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, who had already been teed up to offer a statement of support for her former boss/potential predecessor, made a brief statement that had to have been carefully cleared with the White House.

  She called the idea that Syria might give up its chemical weapons an “important step” if the Russians and the Syrians actively followed up on it.  This was yet another sign that the administration was hoping that the morning’s seeming misstep yield an opportunity to step away from a congressional showdown or at least buy some breathing room.

  Further, while Clinton did not address the specifics of Obama’s proposed Syria intervention, she did say that she would support him. 

  Up until now, her silence on the issue was seen by some as an effort by the likely presidential candidate to distance herself from the Obama team’s muddled handling of the proposed Syria intervention.  But Monday’s message not only showed her political loyalty to the president but it also emphasized the outsized influence of her views in America and around the globe.

  In the wake of her remarks, there were initially reports that other nations, such as France, would welcome giving the Russian initiative a chance.  The President framed it as a “potentially positive development.”  Then on Tuesday, the Syrian government formally accepted the Russian proposal. The U.S. and France took the plan to the United Nations to give it the formal backing and oversight of that institution.  It is still clearly a long way from being realized but there is momentum.  

  Nonetheless, even should it blow up, appearing to consider it allows Obama to be able to say he had exhausted all diplomatic options to resolve the problem.  And for the more the hawkishly inclined, it would also be seen as reminder that military pressure is often key to producing peaceful, political outcomes.

  Either way, for a moment, an idea that might ultimately seem to be in the interest of Obama, Russian President  Vladimir Putin, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and, arguably, the Syrian Opposition (to the extent they no longer might face chemical weapons) gained surprising traction. This was thanks in part to the seeming misstep of America’s current top diplomat, to his swift interaction with his Russian counterpart, and the added weight his predecessor’s views brought to the matter.

  It is a long-shot proposal started perhaps by accident, promoted by parties who have regularly lied, and cautiously embraced by a U.S. administration whose policies in Syria have been incoherent by any measure.  Regardless of whether it amounts to anything or not, it speaks volumes about how bad our options are.   

  

  Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.

  Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion. 

  The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Rothkopf.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALWASHINGTON — A Democratic bill in the House to overhaul the nation's immigration laws is picking up Republican support, though well short of the votes needed to pass the measure.Rep. David Valadao, R-Calif., on Wednesday became the third Republican to co-sponsor the bill, which includes a pathway to citizenship for the nation's 12 million undocumented immigrants.Valadao, the son of Portuguese immigrants whose family runs a dairy farm, said in an interview with USA TODAY that his background, and that of his district, which is 72% Hispanic, was a big factor in his decision."I grew up in an immigrant family, I grew up in an immigrant community and I work in an immigrant-dependent industry. So it's not like this is a stretch for me," he said.Valadao said the slow pace of immigration legislation in the House also contributed to his decision."This isn't really a shot at leadership, but more, 'Guys, this is important to me, we have to move and we have to be part of this solution,'" he said. "It doesn't matter how conservative of a district you come from - we have a system that we need to fix."Valado's decision to join Reps. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Fla., and Jeff Denham, R-Calif., in co-sponsoring the bill comes at a critical time for immigration reform in Congress.There are 231 Republicans in the House and the GOP leadership has overseen hearings on separate bills tackling individual immigration issues. It has not favored a single bill to handle all issues.A bill needs 218 votes to pass the House and the Democratic bill has 186 Democratic co-sponsors. Adding three GOP votes still falls well short of a majority for passage.The Senate passed a sweeping overhaul to the nation's immigration laws in June that provides a pathway to citizenship for the country's undocumented immigrants, doubles the size of the Border Patrol and revamps the legal immigration system to bring in more high-tech and low-skilled workers.But even Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., one of the architects of that bill, has questioned whether that bill is the best way forward. Rubio said Rubio's spokesman, Alex Conant, said the "all or nothing" approach they took in the Senate "would result in nothing."Rubio and House Republican leaders say they would rather move forward with the "piecemeal" approach in which Congress considers smaller bills that tackle individual pieces of the nation's immigration laws.House committees have approved a handful of bills that address border security, grant immigration enforcement powers to local and state police officers, increase the number of visas for high-tech workers and require U.S. businesses to check the immigration status of new hires.House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, has said he is "hopeful" that immigration could be voted on by the full House before the end of the year, but he has given no timetable."These guys signing on (to the Democratic bill) are kind of like people left standing when the music stops in musical chairs," said Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, which opposes the Senate immigration bill. "Just as the prospects of a bill passing are declining, these people are signing on."Supporters of the Democratic bill see something else happening.Frank Sharry, executive director of America's Voice, a group that supports the Senate immigration bill, said the increasing support of the Democratic bill puts more pressure on GOP leaders to get moving on immigration."Does it mean that this bill is going to be brought up sometime soon? Probably not," Sharry said. "But does it ratchet up the pressure on house leadership to get something going? Yeah. It'll make it harder for House leadership to slow-walk this thing to death."The bill, H.R. 15, is sponsored by Rep. Joe Garcia, R-Fla. It is mostly a replica of the Senate's immigration bill, but it eliminates the $46 billion border security plan adopted in the Senate and replaces it with a border security plan authored by Rep. Michael McCaul, R-Texas, and was approved unanimously by the House Homeland Security Committee.Garcia said he was encouraged by the latest addition to his bill, and said he's pushing to bring more on board. He hopes it will reach a point where House leadership is forced to bring it to the floor, where it could pass with most Democrats and a couple-dozen Republicans, similar to the vote that ended the government shutdown."The same way we found votes on the budget, I think Speaker Boehner will see the votes here," Garcia said.Along with Guantanamo Bay, rendition was cited as an example of the un-constitutional Bush/Cheney dictatorship running rough-shod on the Geneva Conventions and basic human rights.  As a candidate, Barack Obama indicated that he would reverse the policy in an article in Foreign Affairs.  To build a better, freer world, we must first behave in ways that reflect the decency and aspirations of the American people… This means ending the practices of shipping away prisoners in the dead of night to be tortured in far-off countries, of detaining thousands without charge or trial, of maintaining a network of secret prisons to jail people beyond the reach of the law.Two days into his presidency, Obama quietly continued the evil rendition policy, and it has continued ever since.  Last week it was revealed that three new detainees were taken prisoner in the small African country of Djibouti and interrogated by American agents:U.S. agents accused the men — two of them Swedes, the other a longtime resident of Britain — of supporting al-Shabab, an Islamist militia in Somalia that Washington considers a terrorist group. Two months after their arrest, the prisoners were secretly indicted by a federal grand jury in New York, then clandestinely taken into custody by the FBI and flown to the United States to face trial.The secret arrests and detentions came to light Dec. 21 when the suspects made a brief appearance in a Brooklyn courtroom.Other than a small handful of news reports, the continuing rendition has received little or no attention and absolutely no condemnation from opinion writers who were hysterical over the Bush-era policies.  They could be criticizing Obama over his rendition policy, or they could be hammering him over his hypocrisy. They could be… if they were interested in truly speaking truth to power.  But, President Obama is their guy, so rendition is just fine under his watch.  Media.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartFaced with an unusually harsh rebuke from a federal judge, the White House on Tuesday cautiously defended the force-feeding of Guantanamo Bay prisoners, stressing, “We don’t want these individuals to die.”Press secretary Jay Carney’s comments came after U.S. District Court Judge Gladys Kessler urged Obama to personally address the controversy over the hunger strike at the notorious facility. Kessler dismissed a suit from a Guantanamo detainee who argued that the government will infringe upon his religious freedom by force-feeding him during the Muslim holiday of Ramadan, which begins Tuesday, but called the practice “painful, humiliating and degrading" and pressed the president to act.Asked about Kessler's comments, Carney told reporters at his daily briefing, "On the questions of litigation I would refer you to the Department of Justice and the Defense Department, which obviously runs Guantanamo Bay, I would refer you to them for specifics about the hunger strikers."But "we don’t want these individuals to die. And, you know, the action being taken is to prevent that from happening," he underlined. Obama "understands that this is a challenging situation."Jihad Dhiab, a Syrian detainee who was cleared for release by the Guantanamo Review Task Force in 2009 but has remained imprisoned, sued with three other detainees over the military's policy of forcibly feeding detainees who are on hunger strike and lose a certain amount of their body weight.Dhiab claimed that the forced feeding would violate his religious freedom during the month of Ramadan, when devotees are supposed to fast until sundown each day. It is the U.S military and prisons policy not to allow prisoners to starve themselves, but the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, the World Medical Association and other groups have said the practice is inhumane and that people should have the right to starve themselves in protest. Dhiab is one of 45 Guantanamo prisoners on a force-feed list, with a total of 106 captives on hunger strike. Only 60 of the 166 Guantanamo prisoners are not currently on hunger strike.Carney reiterated Obama's wish to close the facility.Liz Goodwin contributed to this report.Israel's president planned on Tuesday to announce a candidate to try to form a government after consultations he held with political parties left Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the apparent favourite with the most endorsements.  But the president, Reuven Rivlin, has wide discretion under law in making his choice.  Israel's election on March 23, its fourth in two years, ended with neither a Netanyahu-led right-wing and religious bloc nor a prospective alliance of his opponents winning a parliamentary majority.Before her interview with Howie Mandel on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show," Stewart still wasn't clear on what a "thirst trap" was.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Torrential rain sparked widespread destruction in eastern Indonesia and neighbouring East Timor.Retail stores across most of Greece were allowed to reopen Monday despite an ongoing surge in COVID-19 infections, as the country battles to emerge from deep recession.  Stores in greater Athens opened for pickup services only but remain closed in Greece's second- and third-largest cities, Thessaloniki and Patras, because of fears of a more serious spike in infections.  “Opening retail businesses ... will provide a decompression valve for our society and will help improve the implementation of (restrictive) measures,” government spokeswoman Aristoltelia Peloni said.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Florida or bust.Johnson & Johnson said it was "assuming full responsibility regarding the manufacturing of drug substance" at Emergent BioSolutions.Residents ordered to evacuate over fears for the pond in the Tampa Bay area, which stores 500 million gallons of water containing radium and uranium.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Federal authorities have charged a former Southwest Airlines pilot with indecent exposure for an incident they say occurred during a flight last August.  Michael Haak was the pilot in command of the plane during a flight from Philadelphia to Orlando, Florida, according to a one-page filing in federal district court in Maryland.  A Southwest spokeswoman said no passengers witnessed the incident; the pilots were the only people aboard aware of the incident.He is one of several Bollywood stars who have recently tested positive for coronavirus.Angela Kang tells Insider the show is working on a version of the Michonne/Elodie story line from "The Walking Dead" comic.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.The "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" star celebrated Easter by wearing Yeezy 450 slides, a product created by her estranged husband.After delays due to renovations, Kamala Harris' official residence - which has a pool, jogging track, and possibly a bunker - is finally ready.The next generation of men’s tennis remains a jumble of unrealized potential.  With Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer skipping the Miami Open, the tournament was expected to bring the game’s new faces into sharper focus.  Sunday’s match between No. 37-ranked Hubert Hurkacz and No. 31 Jannik Sinner was the first ATP Masters 1000 final since 2003 with two players ranked outside the top 30."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.The legislation comes amid questions from some lawmakers about how the NCHSAA oversees high school sports.I've followed the Meditteranean diet for years. From tons of red wine to low-fat foods, here's what people always get wrong about the lifestyle.We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartThe Obama administration’s approach to federal whistleblowers has been likened to “Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.”On the good doctor’s side, President Obama has important accomplishments in protecting the rights of whistleblowers. Yet whistleblower advocates are fuming at the administration’s actions against federal employees whom it considers to be leakers of national security information. “There’s a schizophrenia within the administration,” said Tom Devine, legal director of the nonprofit Government Accountability Project. “It’s been Obama versus Obama on whistleblower policy. Until recently, there was a virtual free-speech advocacy for whistleblower job rights that’s unprecedented, more than any other president in history.“At the same time,” Devine added, “he has willingly allowed the Justice Department to prosecute whistleblowers on tenuous grounds.”That last point — the Mr. Hyde side — is the focus of the new film “War on Whistleblowers: Free Press and the National Security State.” (Disclosure: The documentary features comments by Dana Priest, a Washington Post colleague.) It is a project of the Brave New Foundation, a social justice advocacy organization. The film is being shown in theaters in New York City and Los Angeles, but the main distribution channels will be iTunes, Netflix, Hulu, Amazon and cable systems.The Justice Department rejects the notion that it is overzealous in its prosecution of those the government calls national security leakers. “Unauthorized disclosures of classified information cause damage to our national security and we take the investigation and prosecution of such matters very seriously,” Dean Boyd, a Justice Department spokesman, said via e-mail. “In these and all other cases, Justice Department investigators and prosecutors follow the facts and the law to determine whether charges are appropriate.”The Justice Department does not target whistleblowers, he added: “However, we cannot condone the knowing and willful disclosure of classified information to the media or others not entitled to such information. An individual in authorized possession of classified information has no authority or right to unilaterally determine that it should be made public or otherwise disclose it.”The film recognizes the president’s good side, with a quick nod by Danielle Brian, executive director of the Project on Government Oversight. The “good news,” she said, is passage of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act, which Obama supported, and his directive providing protection for national security whistleblowers. That mention, however, is not until 59 minutes into the 66-minute film. Balanced? No. But the stories about the government’s aggressive moves against federal employees who worked to uphold the finest traditions of public service are chilling and deserve the notice and outrage the film hopes to generate.Franz Gayl’s is the first case presented. The Defense Department civilian employee was punished for his efforts to save the lives of U.S. troops at war. “Hundreds of Marines were tragically lost and probably thousands maimed unnecessarily, so I said, let’s replace the Humvees with what are called MRAPs, Mine-Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles,” he says in the film. After taking his concerns to Pentagon officials with no luck, he went to the news media. Then the blowback hit. He was stripped of his security clearance, the lifeline for national security workers, and suspended.“They were using all these personnel actions against me,” he said. “I’m the substandard employee, bottom 3 percent, unreliable, untrustworthy, et cetera, et cetera. After investigations and after all these personnel actions and reprisals, I was placed on administrative leave.“I was fearful. If I have to leave the government now and I don’t have security clearances, we’re gonna have to move away. I can’t get a job around here. You can’t do anything without a security clearance around [the] D.C. area. I knew that life was gonna go ‘foof,’ fall off a cliff.” Gayl was fortunate to have whistleblower advocates who cushioned his fall. And in November 2011, after intervention by an Office of Special Counsel that was re-energized by Obama, the military’s threat to suspend Gayl indefinitely was lifted and his security clearance was reinstated.There’s a lot left out of his story in this space, and similar stories of other whistleblowers can’t be mentioned at all. Gayl’s is a distressing tale of Uncle Sam playing the bully, making life hell for a federal employee who fought to better protect American troops.“I’m now working back at the Pentagon in the office from which I was removed,” Gayl says at the end of the film. “I feel very lucky, because I received a lot of support from a lot of outsiders that I don’t think every person in my situation gets.”The film makes you wonder how many more trampled, and largely unknown, federal whistleblowers like Gayl are out there.  Previous columns by Joe Davidson are available at wapo.st/JoeDavidson.“[T]he primary leaders and funders of the anti-immigration movement were drawn to it because they were also active organizers and supporters of, and contributors to, the population-control movement in the United States,” Mario Lopez, a speaker on the call, recently wrote. Lopez is President of the Hispanic Leadership Fund. Lopez was joined on the call by Josh Culling, with Grover Norquist’s Americans for Tax Reform.This ad hominem argument is both inane and irrelevant. People come into issues from all kinds of vantage points. I have no doubt that there active immigration reform opponents who are liberals or have overblown worries about population growth. Those views, however, don’t discredit what they may say on a different issue. Nor do those views discredit what people without those views believe on an issue. Friday’s call was a leftist tactic to discount what millions of Americans feel about an issue because some other people hold views with which they would disagree. It was reminiscent of the media’s attempt to smear the entire Tea Party movement because a handful of people said or did something stupid. Even if one were to cede the premise that an entire infrastructure to oppose immigration reform were built by population control activists, the fact is immaterial to the concerns many have about the legislation before the Senate. Even if you support expansive legal immigration, it is a bad bill. Its fatal flaw is that it doesn’t secure the border or increase enforcement in any meaningful way. One doesn’t have to be a population control zealot to see the fundamental problem with that approach. Surely, the speakers would hopefully acknowledge, there are many opposed to the Senate bill who don’t believe in population control. I would wager the overwhelming majority of Americans who have concerns about the bill are not advocates of abortion or eugenics to control the population. So, why are the views of a decided minority relevant to an issue with national implications? The richest irony of the call was that the speakers are allies of groups like SEIU and La Raza in supporting the specific Senate proposal. One could just as easily have a convened a press call to discuss the “history” behind these groups and why conservatives should be cautious about working with them. The speakers on the call, for example, acknowledged doing at least some work with the National Immigration Forum, which has received considerable funding from George Soros’ Open Society Institute. Is that the proper alliance for a conservative?No one should schedule such a call, however. Issues should be decided on merits, not ad hominem aspersions about someone else’s motives. The call was an attempt to smear all opposition to the Senate bill as arising out of the questionable beliefs of a few people. It was an attempt to quash, rather than foster, debate on the underlying merits of the proposal.The call also perpetuated a dangerously false choice. Conservatives should either accept legislation largely written by Sen. Chuck Schumer or be labeled as against reform. That our allies are forcing this choice is unconscionable.    PoliticsChuck SchumerSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartMOSCOW — Russian President Vladimir Putin said earlier Monday that Snowden would have to stop leaking U.S. secrets if he wanted to be granted asylum in Russia, where Snowden has been hiding out for eight days.Putin insisted that Russia is not going to extradite Snowden to the USA, refusing a demand from President Obama that he be handed over to the USA to face charges of espionage."There is one condition if he wants to remain here: He must stop his work aimed at damaging our American partners. As odd as it may sound coming from me," Putin told a news conference in Moscow."Russia has never extradited anyone and is not going to do so," Putin said, adding that Snowden, "should choose his final destination and go there."Snowden released a statement Monday through the web site WikiLeaks critical of Obama for asking Russia to send him back after he said the president vowed not to engage in "wheeling and dealing" over his return."This kind of deception from a world leader is not justice, and neither is the extralegal penalty of exile," stated Snowden, who U.S. passport has been revoked. "These are the old, bad tools of political aggression. Their purpose is to frighten, not me, but those who would come after me."Obama said last week that he would not offer special inducements to other nations over a routine matter of law enforcement that should be honored as part of international law. He has said the NSA secret surveillance programs that Snowden made public are legal and proper, aimed only at disrupting terrorist plots.Snowden insisted Monday that he is a whistle-blower who should be allowed to go where he pleases and compared himself to Army Pvt. Bradley Manning, who is being court-martialed for sending secret diplomatic communications on Iraq and Afghanistan to WikiLeaks.The 30-year-old Snowden still appears to be holed up in Moscow's Sheremetyevo Airport, where he landed after fleeing Hong Kong. Interfax news agency quoted consular desk official Kim Shevchenko as saying that British citizen Sarah Harrison -- an aide to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange -- asked the Russian Foreign Ministry on Monday to grant Snowden political asylum.The reported request comes after Ecuador hedged on whether it would grant Snowden protection as it has Assange, who is hiding out in the Ecuadorean Embassy in London to avoid extradition to Sweden on rape charges. The Los Angeles Times reported Monday that Snowden had given Russian diplomats a list of 15 countries to which he would like to apply for political asylum.Meanwhile, the office of Germany's federal prosecutor said it is launching a preliminary inquiry into allegations from Snowden that U.S. intelligence agencies tapped European communication channels.German news weekly Der Spiegel set off a diplomatic row when it reported that the NSA had bugged EU offices in Washington, New York and Brussels. The report cited secret U.S. documents allegedly obtained by the Snowden before he fled the United States.Germany said it planned to call in the U.S. ambassador for an explanation over the "breach in trust.""We're no longer in the Cold War," government spokesman Steffen Seibert told USA TODAY. "Eavesdropping on friends is unacceptable."Seibert said the government will assess the facts to determine whether there had been a breach of national security. Secretary of State John Kerry said he did know all the particulars about allegations that the U.S. bugged EU offices. But he says many nations engaged in international affairs undertake lots of different kinds of activities to protect their national interests."The (German) foreign ministry must be shocked and horrified that it was put in with that company," said Ben Tonra, a professor at the University College Dublin who specializes on European security issues.Tonra said European leaders are well aware that all governments including their own spy on each other, but the revelations if accurate could force European governments to react publicly in ways that harm relations.Other European officials reacted angrily to Der Spiegel reports that the NSA was spying on the European Union including the Justus Lipsius building in Brussels -- home to the European Council."We still need more information, but If it's true, it's a huge scandal," said Martin Schulz, head of the European Parliament. "It means a huge strain on relations between the EU and the U.S. and we now demand a comprehensive explanation."Snowden indicated he may reveal more about the NSA programs that he gained access to while working for a private contractor that provided analytical services to the NSA."I remain free and able to publish information that serves the public interest," Snowden said in an undated Spanish-language letter sent to President Rafael Correa of Ecuador, seen by Reuters.Contributing: Louise Osborne from Berlin; Tilton reported from Berlin; Hjelmgaard in LondonDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Latest news from around the globe."Who would have believed that the regime would kill its own people with chemicals and warplanes?" Bashir Abazayd asks, reflecting on a decade of conflict.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALHundreds of people in Hong Kong have marched to the US consulate in support of ex-CIA whistleblower Edward Snowden.The protesters demanded that local authorities protect Mr Snowden, who is in hiding in Hong Kong.Mr Snowden's leaks revealed that US agencies had systematically gathered vast amounts of phone and web data.He also gave an interview to a local newspaper alleging that US intelligence had been hacking into Chinese computer networks. Protesters and local politicians have demanded clarification from the US government on the allegations, the BBC's Jennifer Pak reports."Hong Kong is one of the few places in China where internet freedom is still OK. Now the American government is hacking into us," one protester said. "That is a crime against human rights." Another man brought a poster containing a picture of US President Barack Obama and the words "Big Brother is watching you".Mr Snowden told the South China Morning Post this week that the US National Security Agency (NSA) had led more than 61,000 hacking operations worldwide, including many in Hong Kong and mainland China.He said targets in Hong Kong included the Chinese University, public officials and businesses.Mr Snowden left Hawaii for Hong Kong shortly before the highly sensitive leaks surfaced and has vowed to fight any attempt to extradite him to the US."I am not here to hide from justice; I am here to reveal criminality," Mr Snowden told the Post, which said the interview was carried out in a secret location in Hong Kong."My intention is to ask the courts and people of Hong Kong to decide my fate."In a US Senate hearing earlier this week, NSA director Keith Alexander defended the internet and telephone data snooping programmes, saying they had disrupted dozens of terror plots.Intelligence officials have insisted agents do not listen in on Americans' telephone conversations. And they maintain the internet communications surveillance programme, reportedly code-named Prism, targeted only non-Americans located outside of the US.Although the information leaked by Mr Snowden has angered the US government, so far he has not been charged by the authorities, nor is he the subject of an extradition request.Hong Kong's government says it does not comment on individual cases but will follow any request according to the law, our correspondent reports.Analysts say any attempts to bring Mr Snowden to America may take months and could be blocked by Beijing.Facebook reveals US data requestsCould Hong Kong shelter Snowden?China media: Cyber-spying claimsTech firms urge security transparencyProfile: Edward SnowdenBeware the humble contractorQ&A: Prism and privacyPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'9Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Edward Snowden, a former contractor for the CIA, left the US in late May after leaking to the media details of extensive internet and phone surveillance by American intelligence. Mr Snowden, who has been granted temporary asylum in Russia, faces espionage charges over his actions. As the scandal widens, BBC News looks at the leaks that brought US spying activities to light.The scandal broke in early June 2013 when the Guardian newspaper reported that the US National Security Agency (NSA) was collecting the telephone records of tens of millions of Americans.The paper published the secret court order directing telecommunications company Verizon to hand over all its telephone data to the NSA on an "ongoing daily basis". That report was followed by revelations in both the Washington Post and Guardian that the NSA tapped directly into the servers of nine internet firms, including Facebook, Google, Microsoft and Yahoo, to track online communication in a surveillance programme known as Prism. Britain's electronic eavesdropping agency GCHQ was also accused of gathering information on the online companies via Prism.Shortly afterwards, the Guardian revealed that ex-CIA systems analyst Edward Snowden was behind the leaks about the US and UK surveillance programmes.He has been charged in the US with theft of government property, unauthorised communication of national defence information and wilful communication of classified communications intelligence.The GCHQ scandal widened on 21 June when the Guardian reported that the UK spy agency was tapping fibre-optic cables that carry global communications and sharing vast amounts of data with the NSA, its US counterpart. The paper revealed it had obtained documents from Edward Snowden showing that the GCHQ operation, codenamed Tempora, had been running for 18 months.GCHQ was able to boast a larger collection of data than the US, tapping into 200 fibre-optic cables to give it the ability to monitor up to 600 million communications every day, according to the report.The information from internet and phone use was allegedly stored for up to 30 days to be sifted and analysed.Although GCHQ did not break the law, the Guardian suggested that the existing legislation was being very broadly applied to allow such a large volume of data to be collected.GCHQ and NSA eavesdropping on Italian phone calls and internet traffic was reported by the Italian weekly L'Espresso on 24 October. The revelations were sourced to Edward Snowden. It is alleged that three undersea cables with terminals in Italy were targeted. Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta called the allegations "inconceivable and unacceptable" and said he wanted to establish the truth. After fleeing to Hong Kong, Edward Snowden told the South China Morning Post that the NSA had led more than 61,000 hacking operations worldwide, including many in Hong Kong and mainland China. He said targets in Hong Kong included the Chinese University, public officials and businesses."We hack network backbones - like huge internet routers, basically - that give us access to the communications of hundreds of thousands of computers without having to hack every single one," Mr Snowden was quoted as saying.Claims emerged on 29 June that the NSA had also spied on European Union offices in the US and Europe, according to Germany's Der Spiegel magazine.The magazine said it had seen leaked NSA documents showing that the US had spied on EU internal computer networks in Washington and at the 27-member bloc's UN office in New York.The paper added that it had been shown the "top secret" files by Edward Snowden.One document dated September 2010 explicitly named the EU representation at the UN as a "location target", Der Spiegel wrote.The files allegedly suggested that the NSA had also conducted an electronic eavesdropping operation in a building in Brussels, where the EU Council of Ministers and the European Council were located.It is not known what information US spies might have obtained. But observers say details of European positions on trade and military matters could be useful to those involved in US-EU negotiations.The German government summoned the US ambassador on 24 October - a very unusual step - after German media reported that the NSA had eavesdropped on Chancellor Angela Merkel's mobile phone. The allegations dominated an EU summit, with Mrs Merkel demanding a full explanation and warning that trust between allies could be undermined. She discussed the matter by phone with US President Barack Obama. He assured her that her calls were not being monitored now and that it would not happen in future. But the White House did not deny bugging her phone in the past. Past surveillance by secret police - whether Nazi or communist - has made Germans very sensitive about privacy issues. Mrs Merkel grew up in the former East Germany, where the Stasi spied on millions of citizens.France's President Francois Hollande meanwhile expressed alarm at reports that millions of French calls had been monitored by the US. The Guardian later reported that the NSA had monitored the phones of 35 world leaders after being given their numbers by another US government official. Again, Edward Snowden was the source of the report. A total of 38 embassies and missions have been the "targets" of US spying operations, according to a secret file leaked to the Guardian.Countries targeted included France, Italy and Greece, as well as America's non-European allies such as Japan, South Korea and India, the paper reported on 1 July.EU embassies and missions in New York and Washington were also said to be under surveillance.The file allegedly detailed "an extraordinary range" of spying methods used to intercept messages, including bugs, specialised antennae and wire taps.The Guardian report also mentioned codenames of alleged operations against the French and Greek missions to the UN, as well as the Italian embassy in Washington.US Secretary of State John Kerry said that activities to protect national security were "not unusual" in international relations.US allies in Latin America were angered by revelations in Brazil's O Globo newspaper on 10 July that the NSA  ran a continent-wide surveillance programme.The paper cited leaked documents showing that, at least until 2002, the NSA ran the operation from a base in Brasilia, seizing web traffic and details of phone calls from around the region.US agents apparently joined forces with Brazilian telecoms firms to snoop on oil and energy firms, foreign visitors to Brazil, and major players in Mexico's drug wars.Mexico, Brazil, Colombia and Chile all demanded answers from the US.But the revelations on Latin America kept coming, and in September more specific claims emerged that emails and phone calls of the presidents of Mexico and Brazil had been intercepted.Also, the US had been spying on Brazil's state-owned oil firm Petrobras.Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff  cancelled a state visit to the US in the most high-profile diplomatic move since the scandal hit.Documents leaked to the Washington Post in mid-August suggested the NSA breaks US privacy laws hundreds of times every year.The papers revealed that US citizens were inadvertently snooped on for reasons including typing mistakes and errors in the system,In one instance in 2008, a "large number" of calls placed from Washington DC were intercepted after an error in a computer program entered "202" - the telephone area code for Washington DC - into a data query instead of "20", the country code for Egypt.Later in August, the Washington Post reported that US spy agencies had a "black budget" for secret operations of almost $53bn in 2013. In January 2014, the Guardian newspaper and Channel 4 News reported that the US had collected and stored almost 200 million text messages per day across the globe.A National Security Agency (NSA) program is said to have extracted and stored data from the SMS messages to gather location information, contacts and financial data.The documents also revealed that GCHQ had used the NSA database to search for information on people in the UK.The programme, Dishfire, analyses SMS messages to extract information including contacts from missed call alerts, location from roaming and travel alerts, financial information from bank alerts and payments and names from electronic business cards, according to the report.Through the vast database, which was in use at least as late as 2012, the NSA gained information on those who were not specifically targeted or under suspicion, the report says.The revelations came on the eve of an expected announcement by President Obama of a response to recommendations by a US panel on ways to change US electronic surveillance programmes.Police chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'9Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.AdvertisementSupported byEditorialBy The Editorial BoardShould the local police and sheriff’s deputies be doing more to help the federal government enforce civil immigration laws? For years the disturbing answer from the Obama administration and hard-line states like Arizona has been: absolutely. Each has tried in its own way to expand the role of local law enforcement in catching unauthorized immigrants and feeding the deportation pipeline.But states and cities are rejecting the blurring of a once-bright line that separated local cops and federal immigration agents. They recognize that a broken immigration system has stranded many people outside the law, but know that many have lived here for years, with clean records and citizen children, and would be on track to become Americans if the legislation now stalled in Congress ever passes. Deporting millions of harmless people — current taxpayers, future citizens — is a misguided mission for the nation. For the local police, it’s a costly and dangerous diversion from their main job: preventing crime and catching criminals. California and New Orleans are two places tackling this question, with encouraging results. New Orleans has just settled a lengthy court battle to rein in a sheriff who had turned his jail cells into long-term holding pens for Immigration and Customs Enforcement. A bill now moving through the California Legislature would strictly limit the role of local law enforcement in feeding inmates to ICE. Serious criminals would still be turned over for deportation, but others in jail for minor offenses would not be held on ICE’s behalf. The New Orleans case involves a civil rights lawsuit brought by two immigrant workers who served short sentences for minor crimes, then languished in prison for months waiting for ICE to pick them up. The sheriff of Orleans Parish, Marlin Gusman, complied with an ICE request to hold the men, Mario Cacho and Antonio Ocampo, over possible immigration violations. Such requests, called detainers, are supposed to have a time limit: ICE has 48 hours to take an inmate into custody. But Mr. Cacho was held for more than 160 days; Mr. Ocampo more than 90. There were no federal charges against either of them. The plaintiffs claimed that their indefinite detention without charge was a plain affront to the Constitution. If they hadn’t fought for release with the help of a local advocacy group, the New Orleans Workers’ Center for Racial Justice, they might still be behind bars.They were not alone. Advocates for immigrants have charged since 2009 that “excessive and unlawful custody” is a chronic problem in Orleans Parish, a consequence of racial profiling and indiscriminate raids on work sites populated by Latino immigrants who went to New Orleans to rebuild the city after Hurricane Katrina. Under the court settlement, announced last week, Orleans Parish will refuse ICE’s requests to hold inmates, except for those being held on certain felony charges. Immigration agents will now need a warrant or court order to enter parts of the jail. Officials in New Orleans support the new policy, which will spare the city the burden and expense of confining people for deportation. In California, Gov. Jerry Brown may soon have a second chance to sign the Trust Act, a bill that would impose similar restrictions on local law-enforcement agencies statewide. Mr. Brown vetoed the bill last October, saying it had loopholes that risked letting some dangerous criminals go free. The revised bill, which supporters say is likely to pass, should overcome those objections. As the bill’s sponsor, Assemblyman Tom Ammiano, said last year, “We want police to distinguish between the woman selling tamales and the gang member who has a record.” If Mr. Brown does the right thing and signs the measure, California will join Connecticut, the District of Columbia, Cook County, Ill., Newark and other places that have limited the reach of ICE. It’s a hopeful trend, though it puts localities at odds with the Obama administration. The federal dragnet that makes little distinction between tamale sellers and dangerous criminals — greatly expanded by the use of local law enforcement officials across the country — has been ensnaring record numbers of minor offenders. This melding of local crime fighting and immigration enforcement has led to unjust imprisonment, policing abuses, racial profiling and paralyzing fear in immigrant communities. The damage to public safety is measurable; a recent study by researchers at the University of Illinois at Chicago found that Latinos, both immigrants and native-born, often shun the police and are reluctant to cooperate with criminal investigations. Combating domestic violence, sexual abuse and gang-related crimes becomes far more difficult when local cops are de facto federal agents. AdvertisementDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Back to previous pageA 29-year-old man who says he is a former undercover CIA employee said Sunday that he was the principal source of recent disclosures about ­top-secret National Security Agency programs, exposing himself to possible prosecution in an acknowledgment that had little if any precedent in the long history of U.S. intelligence leaks.Edward Snowden, a tech specialist who has contracted for the NSA and works for the consulting firm Booz Allen Hamilton, unmasked himself as a source after a string of stories in The Washington Post and the Guardian that detailed previously unknown U.S. surveillance programs. He said he disclosed secret documents in response to what he described as the systematic surveillance of innocent citizens.In an interview Sunday, Snowden said he is willing to face the consequences of exposure.“I’m not going to hide,” Snowden told The Post from Hong Kong, where he has been staying. “Allowing the U.S. government to intimidate its people with threats of retaliation for revealing wrongdoing is contrary to the public interest.”Asked whether he believes that his disclosures will change anything, he said: “I think they already have. Everyone everywhere now understands how bad things have gotten — and they’re talking about it. They have the power to decide for themselves whether they are willing to sacrifice their privacy to the surveillance state.”Snowden said nobody had been aware of his actions, including those closest to him. He said there was no single event that spurred his decision to leak the information, but he said President Obama has failed to live up to his pledges of transparency.“My sole motive is to inform the public as to that which is done in their name and that which is done against them,” he said in a note that accompanied the first document he leaked to The Post.The Guardian was the first to publicly identify Snowden, at his request.The White House said late Sunday that it would not have any comment on the matter.In a brief statement, a spokesman for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence said the intelligence community is “reviewing the damage” the leaks have done. “Any person who has a security clearance knows that he or she has an obligation to protect classified information and abide by the law,” said the spokesman, Shawn Turner.Snowden said he is seeking “asylum from any countries that believe in free speech and oppose the victimization of global privacy,” but the law appears to provide for his extradition from Hong Kong, a semiautonomous territory of China, to the United States.Although any extradition proceeding could take months or even years, experts said Snowden has not put himself in a favorable position.“The fact that he outed himself and basically said, from what I understand he has said, ‘I feel very comfortable with what I have done’ . . . that’s not going to help him in his extradition contest,” said Douglas McNabb, a lawyer and extradition expert.The Justice Department said it is in the “initial stages of an investigation” into the unauthorized disclosure of classified information but declined to comment further.




A stunning revelation
Current and former U.S. intelligence officials said the revelation of Snowden’s role in the leaks will lead to a sweeping reexamination of security measures at the CIA and the NSA, and they described his decision to come forward as a stunning conclusion to a week of disclosures that rattled the intelligence community.“This is significant on a number of fronts: the scope, the range. It’s major, it’s major,” said John Rizzo, a former general counsel of the CIA who worked at the agency for decades. “And then to have him out himself . . . I can’t think of any previous leak case involving a CIA officer where the officer raised his hand and said, ‘I’m the guy.’ ”A half-dozen former intelligence officials, including one who now works at Booz Allen Hamilton, said they did not know Snowden or anything about his background. Several former officials said he easily could have been part of a surge in computer experts and technical hires brought in by the CIA in the years after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks as its budget and mission swelled.“Like a lot of things after 9/11, they just went on a hiring binge, and in the technical arena young, smart nerds were in high demand,” a former U.S. intelligence official said. “There were battalions of them.”Officials said the CIA and other spy agencies did not relax their screening measures as the workforce expanded. Still, several officials said the CIA will now undoubtedly begin reviewing the process by which Snowden may have been hired, seeking to determine whether there were any missed signs that he might one day betray national secrets.More broadly, the CIA and the NSA may be forced to reexamine their relationships with contractors, who were employed in roles ranging from technical support to paramilitary operations before concerns about the outsourcing of such sensitive assignments prompted a backlash in Congress and pledges from the agencies to begin thinning their contracting ranks.Some former CIA officials said they were troubled by aspects of Snowden’s background, at least as he described it to The Post and the Guardian.For instance, Snowden said he did not have a high school diploma. One former CIA official said that it was extremely unusual for the agency to have hired someone with such thin academic credentials, particularly for a technical job, and that the terms Snowden used to describe his agency positions did not match internal job descriptions.Snowden’s claim to have been placed under diplomatic cover for a position in Switzerland after an apparently brief stint at the CIA as a systems administrator also raised suspicion. “I just have never heard of anyone being hired with so little academic credentials,” the former CIA official said. The agency does employ technical specialists in overseas stations, the former official said, “but their breadth of experience is huge, and they tend not to start out as systems administrators.”A former senior U.S. intelligence official cited other puzzling aspects of Snowden’s account, questioning why a contractor for Booz Allen at an NSA facility in Hawaii would have access to something as sensitive as a court order from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.“I don’t know why he would have had access to those . . . orders out in Hawaii,” the former official said.The Guardian initially reported the existence of a program that collects data on all phone calls made on the Verizon network. Later in the week, the Guardian and The Post reported the existence of a separate program, code-named PRISM, that collects the Internet data of foreigners from major Internet companies.Snowden expressed hope that the NSA surveillance programs will now be open to legal challenge for the first time. This year, in Amnesty International v. Clapper, the Supreme Court dismissed a lawsuit against the mass collection of phone records because the plaintiffs could not prove exactly what the program did or that they were personally subject to surveillance.“The government can’t reasonably assert the state-secrets privilege for a program it has acknowledged,” Snowden said.


Journalists criticized
Snowden’s name surfaced as top intelligence officials in the Obama administration and Congress pushed back against the journalists responsible for revealing the existence of sensitive surveillance programs and called for an investigation into the leaks.Clapper, in an interview 
with NBC that aired 
Saturday night, condemned the leaker’s actions but also sought to spotlight the journalists who first reported the programs, calling their disclosures irresponsible and full of “hyperbole.” Earlier Saturday, he issued a statement accusing the media of a “rush to publish.”“For me, it is literally — not figuratively — literally gut-wrenching to see this happen because of the huge, grave damage it does to our intelligence capabilities,” Clapper said.On Sunday morning, before Snowden’s unmasking, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers (R-Mich.) had harsh words for the leaker and for the journalist who first reported the NSA’s collection of phone records, the Guardian’s Glenn Greenwald.Greenwald “doesn’t have a clue how this thing works; neither did the person who released just enough information to literally be dangerous,” Rogers said on ABC’s “This Week,” adding: “I absolutely think [the leaker] should be prosecuted.”Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) agreed that whoever leaked the information should be prosecuted, and she sought to beat back media reports suggesting that the Obama administration overplayed the impact of the programs.After opponents of the programs questioned their value last week, anonymous administration officials pointed to the thwarting of a bomb plot targeting the New York City subway system in 2009. Soon after, though, reporters noted that public documents suggested that regular police work was responsible for thwarting the attack, rather than a secret government intelligence program.Feinstein said the programs were valuable in both the New York case and in another involving an American plotting to bomb a hotel in India in 2008. She noted that she could talk about those two cases because they have been declassified, but she suggested that the surveillance programs also assisted in other terrorism-related cases.A chief critic of the efforts, Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), said he is considering filing a lawsuit against the government and called on 10 million Americans to join in.“I’m going to be asking all the Internet providers and all of the phone companies, ask your customers to join me in a class-action lawsuit,” Paul said on “Fox News Sunday.”












Sari Horwitz and Julie Tate contributed to this report.
©  The Washington Post CompanyPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.WASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama has chosen a high-powered Washington lawyer with extensive experience in all three branches of the government to be the State Department's special envoy for closing down the military-run prison at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba.Clifford Sloan is the pick to reopen the State Department's Office of Guantanamo Closure, shuttered since January and folded into the department's legal adviser's office when the administration, in the face of congressional obstacles, effectively gave up its attempt to close the prison.A formal announcement of Sloan's appointment was expected Monday, according to officials briefed on the matter. They spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to discuss the appointment publicly before the formal announcement.Sloan has served in senior government positions in both Democratic and Republican administrations and is now a partner in the Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher and Flom LLP law firm. For the past several years, he has been an informal adviser to Secretary of State John Kerry, who recommended him for the post, the officials said."I appreciate his willingness to take on this challenge," Kerry said in a statement. "Cliff and I share the president's conviction that Guantanamo's continued operation isn't in our security interests."The move fulfills part of Obama's pledge last month to renew efforts to close the military-run detention center at Guantanamo. That was a major promise in his 2008 presidential campaign, but it ran aground due to opposition from congressional Republicans.In late May, Obama lifted a self-imposed ban on transferring Guantanamo detainees to Yemen, in what was a step toward closing a prison that he said "has become a symbol around the world for an America that flouts the rule of law." He said he would name envoys at both the State Department and Pentagon to try to unblock the closure process. The Pentagon envoy position has yet to be filled.Word of the Sloan's appointment comes follows the House's overwhelming passage Friday of a $638 billion defense bill that would block Obama from closing the detention facility. The House acted despite a White House veto threat.The administration cited Guantanamo's prohibitive costs and role as a recruiting tool for extremists. A hunger strike by more than 100 of the 166 prisoners protesting their conditions and indefinite confinement has prompted the fresh calls for closure. Obama is pushing to transfer 86 approved detainees to their home countries. Fifty-six of the 86 are from Yemen.Officials said Sloan, whose diverse government experience includes clerking for liberal Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens and conservative prosecutor Kenneth Starr, would focus primarily on navigating between the administration and Congress to overcome the deep, largely partisan divide over closing Guantanamo."It will not be easy, but if anyone can effectively navigate the space between agencies and branches of government, it's Cliff," Kerry said. "He's someone respected by people as ideologically different as Kenneth Starr and Justice Stevens, and that's the kind of bridge-builder we need to finish this job."The COVID vaccination site at Hialeah’s Babcock Park, a four-day pop-up site that opened last Wednesday, has had its run extended by at least one day.(Reuters) -The U.S. Supreme Court handed Alphabet Inc's Google a major victory on Monday, ruling that its use of Oracle Corp's software code to build the Android operating system that runs most of the world's smartphones did not violate federal copyright law.  In a 6-2 decision, the justices overturned a lower court's ruling that Google's inclusion of Oracle's software code in Android did not constitute a fair use under U.S. copyright law.Two reports from the CDC confirm most patients who died of COVID-19 in 2020 had other health problems and people of color were more likely to die.Former White House press secretary joins 'Justice with Judge Jeanine' with reactionJordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks rallied on Monday with the Dow and S&P 500 closing at record levels, as a round of strong economic data buoyed investor optimism for the economic reopening and a muted climb in the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield kept inflation worries in check.  An ISM survey for March showed a measure of U.S. services industry activity jumped to a record high.  The data followed Friday's report showing U.S. nonfarm payrolls surged by 916,000 jobs in March, trouncing forecasts.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.NEW: The top U.S. intel official says leaks affect national security  Some say the program is key to fighting terrorism and includes oversightThe program was used to stop "terrorist plots" on U.S. soil, Sen. Feinstein says Critics say it's overreach, with Al Gore calling it "obscenely outrageous"
  Frightening government overreach or valuable law enforcement tool?

  That’s the question politicians in Washington, and millions of citizens around the United States, asked Thursday thanks to a jolting report suggesting the government has been collecting millions of Americans’ phone records.

  FBI Direct Robert Mueller will be asked about the matter – revealed after a British newspaper, the Guardian, published a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) court order that applied to phone data from Verizon – when he appears next week before the House Judiciary Committee. The panel’s chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Virginia, issued a statement Thursday saying he was “very concerned that the Department of Justice may have abused the intent of the law, and we will investigate.”

  Reports: U.S. spy agencies mined Internet data

  The report will also be the subject of an upcoming classified briefing by Attorney General Eric Holder to the Senate Appropriations Committee. Its chairman, Sen. Barbara Mikulski, is calling for a similar closed-door briefing for the entire U.S. Senate. 

  When she read the news Thursday morning, the Maryland Democrat said, “It was like, ‘Oh, God, not one more thing … where we’re trying to protect America and then it looks like we’re spying.’”

  What does the Verizon order mean for me?

  An author of the Patriot Act – the legislation used to justify the program – added he is “extremely disturbed by what appears to be an overbroad interpretation of the act.”

  “These reports are deeply concerning and raise questions about whether our constitutional rights are secure,” Rep. James Sensenbrenner, R-Wisconsin, wrote in a letter to Holder.

  But not everyone in the nation’s capital is outraged or even concerned. Some say the real travesty would be if the program, which they describe as valuable, is halted.

  Sen. Dianne Feinstein, chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, said the Guardian story refers to a “three-month renewal of what has been the case for the past seven years” – so that while the uproar may be new, the program is not. In that time, it’s helped to disrupt “terrorist plots” on U.S. soil, she said.

  “It is lawful,” the California Democrat insisted. “It has been briefed by Congress.”

  Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Michigan) and Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger (D-Maryland), two key members of the House Intelligence Committee, both stressed that “this important collection tool does not allow the government to eavesdrop” and that it is routinely reviewed by Congress.

  White House spokesman Josh Earnest also made those points, adding President Barack Obama “put in place a stronger regime of oversight” when he took office. He further stressed the importance of ensuring “we have the tools we need to confront the threat posted by terrorists (and to) protect the homeland.”

  “That is his top priority,” Earnest said of domestic security. “But … we need to balance that priority with the need to protect civil liberties and constitutional rights of American people. And that is the subject of a worthy debate.”

  What’s been happening, and for how long?

  In 2006, it was reported the National Security Agency was secretly collecting telephone records in an effort to root out terror plots. 

  “Verizon’s wireless and wireline companies did not provide to NSA customer records or call data, local or otherwise,” the company said at the time.

  Like the FBI and the NSA, Verizon declined comment to the media Thursday on the Guardian report.  But company Vice President Randy Milch, in a note to employees, did say the newspaper’s story may spur the company to respond in defiance of a promise of secrecy.

  The newspaper published the four-page, top-secret government order requiring “originating and terminating” phone numbers plus the location, time and duration of calls from the communications giant. It lets the FBI and NSA to obtain the records from April 25 to July 19.

  7 things to know

  The order applies to Verizon Business Network Services, an operation not described on the company’s website. Its scope was not immediately clear, though the Guardian claimed “millions of U.S. customers of Verizon” were affected by the collection of information “regardless of whether they are suspected of wrongdoing.”

  In his letter to Verizon employees, Milch said that his company would not provide the contents of any communications “or the name, address or financial information of a subscriber or customer.”

  An Obama administration official said any such order would relate “exclusively to metadata, such as a telephone number or the length of a call.” 

  This kind of information “allows counterterrorism personnel to discover whether known or suspected terrorists have been in contact with other persons who may be engaged in terrorist activities,” the unnamed official said in a statement to media.

  Controversy over the Guardian report comes as the White House fends off privacy complaints on other fronts as well. The administration is under fire following revelations the Justice Department seized two months of phone records from Associated Press reporters and editors – something done as part of an investigation into leaks of classified information.

  Plus, the Washington Post and the Guardian reported that U.S. intelligence has a broad secret data mining program that allows access to central servers of nine leading U.S. Internet companies – among them Microsoft, Yahoo, Google, Facebook and Apple – to extract e-mail, photos and other private consumer communications. 

  Director of National Intelligence James Clapper challenged the Post and Guardian reports in a statement Thursday night, saying “they contain numerous inaccuracies.” Specifically, he emphasized the section of the law tied to that reported program “cannot be used to intentionally target any U.S. citizen, any other U.S. person or anyone located within the United States.”

  In statements on that and reports about collecting phone data, Clapper also called out those behind the apparent leaks – saying it “will have an impact on the behavior of our adversaries and make it more difficult for us to understand their intentions.”

  Speaking specifically about collecting personal phone records, privacy advocates called the practice perilous and claimed it gives  authorities access to information of many Americans who aren’t terrorists. In fact, they might not necessarily be Verizon customers, and similar orders might also apply to other telecommunications companies.

  “There is no indication that this order to Verizon was unique or novel,” said the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which fights to protect privacy.

  “It is very likely that business records orders like this exist for every major American telecommunication company, meaning that, if you make calls in the United States, the NSA has those records. And this has been going on for at least seven years, and probably longer.”

  Opinion: NSA’s phone snooping a different kind of creepy

  Al Gore: ‘Secret blanket surveillance obscenely outrageous’

  This group is hardly alone. 

  The American Civil Liberties Union called it “beyond Orwellian (in allowing) basic democratic rights (to be) surrendered in secret to the demands of unaccountable intelligence agencies.”

  The Center for Constitutional Rights blasted it as “the broadest surveillance order to ever had been issued: It requires no level of suspicion.”

  Many in President Barack Obama’s own party spoke forcefully against it as well.

  Three Democratic representatives  – John Conyers of Michigan, Jerrold Nadler of New York and Robert Scott of Virginia – said the program is “highly problematic and reveals serious flaws in the scope and application of the” Patriot Act.

  “(The revelations) confirm our fears – that the law would be distorted to allow for ongoing, indiscriminate collection of data,” they wrote.

  Sen. Mark Udall, who serves on the Senate Intelligence Committee, described the program as “the kind of government overreach I’ve said Americans would find shocking.”

  One of them: former Vice President Al Gore.

  “Is it just me, or is secret blanket surveillance obscenely outrageous?” the 2000 Democratic presidential nominee wrote on Twitter.

  Senator says ending program would be ‘catastrophic’

  Opinions were also strong on the other side of the debate.

  “Terrorists will come after us if they can, and the only thing that we have to deter this is good intelligence to understand that a plot has been hatched and to get there before they get to us,” said Feinstein.

  Her intelligence committee’s ranking Republican, Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, concurred in stating the program has let authorities gather “significant information on bad guys and only on bad guys over the years.”

  Former FBI Assistant Director Tom Fuentes, a CNN contributor, said that if a phone number comes up that’s linked to someone suspicious, they can go back and get information tied to that number.

  “It’s not that someone or some group of analysts can sit there and monitor 50 million phone calls going through the computers,” Fuentes explained on CNN’s “Starting Point.” “But it would create the ability to go back and see if you could connect phone calls.”

  Rep. Lindsey Graham said that, as a Verizon customer, “it doesn’t bother me one bit for the National Security Administration to have my phone number.” The South Carolina Republican said he’s confident the government won’t monitor his and other innocent Americans phone calls just because their “number pops up on some terrorist’s phone.”

  “The consequences of taking these tools away from the American people through their government would be catastrophic,” he said.

  CNN’s Chelsea J. Carter, Adam Levine, Jake Tapper, Carol Cratty, William Mears, Brianna Keilar and Sara Pratley contributed to this report.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News A man who spent a lifetime putting his name on things is rebranding himself as a number, and marketing experts are intrigued.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.NEW: President Obama says "we just need Congress to finish the job"The 68-32 Senate vote sends the measure to the House for considerationSpeaker Boehner says the House will stick to its own version of immigration reform The Senate bill offers a path to citizenship for millions of undocumented immigrants
  The U.S. Senate gave final approval Thursday to a roughly 1,200-page bill that promises to overhaul immigration laws for the first time since 1986, creating a path to citizenship for millions of undocumented residents while ratcheting up security along the Mexican border.

  Senators passed the sweeping legislation – initially drafted by the four Democrats and four Republicans in the chamber’s so-called “Gang of Eight” – by a 68-32 vote.

  Fourteen Republicans joined a united Democratic caucus in supporting the bill, which is backed by the White House and has the potential to become the crowning legislative achievement of President Barack Obama’s second term.

  In a White House statement, Obama hailed the Senate vote as “a critical step” toward fixing what he called a broken immigration system. He labeled the measure that now goes to the Republican-controlled House a compromise, adding that “we just need Congress to finish the job.”

  The Senate vote included a rare adherence to old-fashioned protocol. Vice President Joe Biden presided in his constitutional capacity as head of the Senate, and senators voted one-by-one from their desks, calling out “aye” or “no.”

  Republican Sen. Jerry Moran of Kansas broke the drama of the moment when he mistakenly voted “aye,” then quickly asked the clerk to make it “no” as the chamber erupted in laughter. Biden tapped his gavel and called for order.

  Before announcing the result, Biden warned against outbursts from the public gallery, but chants of “Yes we can” and “Si se puede” broke out after he read the tally. Biden called for the sergeant at arms to restore order.

  “Today is another historic day in the Senate,” said Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vermont.  “This legislation will reunite families.  It will bring millions of people out of the shadows and into our legal system.  It will spur job growth and reduce our deficit.  And it will make us safer.”

  “The time has come to act in the interest of all Americans,” declared Sen. Bob Menendez, D-New Jersey, a member of the Gang of Eight. “I hope that message will be heard loud and clear in the House (of Representatives).”

  Historic ruling opens door for immigration for same-sex spouses

  Most congressional conservatives, however, remain staunchly opposed to the measure, and have declared it dead on arrival in the House. 

  Obama warned in his statement that opponents of immigration reform will try even harder to derail it. Noting the broad support for the Senate bill from the business community, organized labor and others, he urged people to contact their House representatives and “tell them to do the right thing.”

  Republicans are sharply divided over the politically sensitive issue. In the wake of the GOP’s crushing loss among Hispanics in the 2012 election, many top voices in the party have pushed for an endorsement of some form of a path to citizenship for the country’s roughly 11 million undocumented residents.

  “No one should dispute (that) like every sovereign nation on this planet, we have a right to control who comes in. But unlike other countries, we are not afraid of people coming in here from other places,” said Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, the most prominent Republican in the Gang of Eight and a potential 2016 presidential candidate. “I support this reform. Not just because I believe in immigrants, but because I believe in America even more.”

  For many of the GOP’s strongest supporters, any path to citizenship for those who entered the country illegally is a form of unforgivable amnesty. They also don’t trust the Obama administration to fully enact the bill’s new border security measures, which are generally opposed by progressives.

  “There’s just no way I can look my constituents in the eye and tell them that today’s assurances won’t become tomorrow’s disappointments,” said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Kentucky. “We’ll never resolve the immigration problem on a bipartisan basis either now or in the future until we can prove that the border is secure as a condition of legalization.”

  Senate takes another step toward passing immigration reform

  Sen. Mike Lee, R-Utah, called the vote on the measure “largely symbolic” and predicted the bill would ultimately be relegated to the “ash heap of history.”

  If enacted, the measure would create a 13-year path to citizenship for most undocumented immigrants, while raising the cap on visas for high skilled workers and establishing a new visa program for low skilled workers on America’s farms.

  A recently added border security amendment – introduced by GOP Sens. John Hoeven of North Dakota and Bob Corker of Tennessee – would require 20,000 more border agents, complete 700 miles of fence along the boundary with Mexico, and deploy $3.2 billion in technology upgrades similar to equipment used by U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan.

  The amendment also strengthens eligibility verification and border entry-exit controls.

  Most undocumented immigrants would be eligible for permanent residency only after the five conditions have been met and verified by the Department of Homeland Security.

  While Corker’s and Hoeven’s change appeared to sway some reticent Republicans in the Senate, top House Republicans remained opposed the overall blueprint.

  “Apparently some haven’t gotten the message: the House is not going to take up and vote on whatever the Senate passes,” said Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio. “We’re going to do our own bill … and move the legislation that reflects the will of our majority and the will of the American people.”

  House Republicans have indicated their intention to tackle the issue with several smaller proposals instead of one larger bill.

  Boehner repeated his pledge to block a vote on any immigration measure that doesn’t have the support of a majority of House Republicans. Democrats contend the Senate version would pass the House if brought to a vote, with a united Democratic caucus joined by some Republicans.

  The speaker also refused to take a position on whether or not there should be some kind of path to citizenship for those who entered the country illegally. 

  Democrats have repeatedly warned they will not agree to a plan that lacks such a path. 

  Regardless, Boehner said he hopes the House will deal with immigration reform this year. 

  “I have made it clear since the day after the election that this political football should stop, and that the Congress should deal with this issue,” he said.

  Farm bill failure portends problems for immigration in the House

  CNN’s Dana Bash, Tom Cohen, Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News A man who spent a lifetime putting his name on things is rebranding himself as a number, and marketing experts are intrigued.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Exclusive interview with Fox News' Eric BollingThe father of the former NSA contractor who leaked details of the government's massive Internet- and phone-tracking programs made an impassioned plea to his son to stop leaking, telling Fox News that "I hope, I pray" he does not do anything considered treasonous.Lon Snowden spoke at length with Fox News about his son Edward's decision to leak sensitive security details about U.S. intelligence-gathering operations. While defending his son's integrity and criticizing the government, he pleaded with his son -- who is thought to be weathering the political storm from a location in Hong Kong -- to return home and not to leak more information."I hope, I pray and I ask that you will not release any secrets that could constitute treason," Snowden told Fox News, in a message meant for his son's ears. He added: "I sense that you're under much stress [from] what I've read recently, and [ask] that you not succumb to that stress ... and make a bad decision."Further, Snowden said he would rather see his son return to the U.S. and face the U.S. justice system than stay abroad."I would like to see Ed come home and face this. I shared that with the government when I spoke with them. I love my son," he told Fox News' Eric Bolling.Snowden claimed there are some people who want him to "cross that line and do something that constitutes treason, or they would like to see him disappear." But Snowden said he's sure "that the moment he landed that there would be a line of attorneys waiting to defend him."Edward Snowden himself did not voice that level of confidence. During a live online chat hosted by Guardian.com on Monday, Snowden said he doesn't think he would receive a fair trial in the U.S."The U.S. Government, just as they did with other whistle-blowers, immediately and predictably destroyed any possibility of a fair trial at home, openly declaring me guilty of treason and that the disclosure of secret, criminal and even unconstitutional acts is an unforgivable crime. That's not justice, and it would be foolish to volunteer yourself to it if you can do more good outside of prison than in it," he said during the chat.Snowden also claimed he did not reveal any U.S. operations against "legitimate military targets," but rather NSA efforts against "civilian infrastructure."Snowden has emerged at the center of one of the biggest security leaks in U.S. history. After The Guardian news organization and Washington Post reported on government programs that monitor massive troves of phone and Internet records, Snowden was revealed as the source of that information. According to The Guardian, Snowden continues to provide sensitive information -- The Guardian most recently reported on a British effort to hack into foreign diplomats' phones and emails during conferences, citing Snowden as the source.Snowden could face serious charges if he returns to the U.S. Former Vice President Dick Cheney called Snowden a "traitor" on "Fox News Sunday."But others have praised his decision to come forward, citing the civil liberties at stake.Lon Snowden said he was "saddened" by his son's decision, but criticized the government for the surveillance efforts his son helped expose."Some people are suggesting that what's occurring is very similar to every morning the government walks up to your mailbox, or afternoon. They pull the envelopes out. They open them. They look at your mail. They copy it. They archive it in case they wanna look at it sometime in the future in case you do something wrong sometime in the future. They re-seal the envelopes, they put them back in your mailbox. And they do it every day over and over and over again."He continued: "I don't want them reading my email. ... If we say, "Oh my gosh, we're going to have to ... sacrifice our freedoms because of the threat of terrorism,' well, the terrorists have already won, because it's our freedoms that make us Americans."He said he's concerned his son is "in peril," but voiced confidence that if he returns to the U.S., that would be best."I have faith in our justice system applied correctly, absolutely. You know, I would rather my son be a prisoner in the U.S. than a free man in a country that did not have ... the freedoms that are protected" in the U.S., he said.He complained there are a lot of misconceptions about his son, including speculation about why he chose to stay in Hong Kong. Snowden said his son was simply "comfortable" there and with Asian culture in general, since he used to live in Japan.As for media reports that he's a high-school dropout, he explained that his son actually had an illness during his sophomore year -- likely mono. But after he dropped out, he said his son completed his high-school equivalency and went on to take college courses.He said he last saw his son on April 4. "We'd gone out to dinner," he said, adding that his son seemed to be carrying a "burden.""We hugged as we always do. He said, 'I love you Dad.' I said, 'I love you, Ed.' And I expected to see him -- see him again," Snowden recalled.Fox News' Eric Bolling contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      A discharge petition means that if a majority of the House demands a vote, the vote will take place. And since it's widely acknowledged that there are more than enough votes in the House to pass the Senate bill, all you'd have to do is get those pro-reform Republicans to join Democrats in signing the discharge petition to make it happen.Some Democrats are afraid that pushing a discharge petition could upset delicate bipartisan negotiations currently underway in the House. Others note that it's the best way to publicly put recalcitrant members on the record on the issue of immigration. And it's true! Absent a vote clearly feared by the xenophobes, the discharge petition forces individual members to publicly state whether they are for or against reform. Let fast-growing immigrant communities know exactly where the obstruction is coming from.But don't get your hopes up. Even if a full-throated discharge petition campaign were launched, few if any Republicans would likely sign on. In essence, any Republican signatories would be ceding control of the chamber to the minority party, and you better believe the Republican leadership would severely punish any member that signed on.So as a tool to actually pass a bill, a discharge petition would be as effective as House Speaker John Boehner's leadership style. That is, not effective at all. But as a tool to further pressure and embarrass Republicans? It would certainly work, and it would provide yet another news hook for Spanish-language media to keep pounding on Republicans.Because right now, that's the only tactic reform proponents have left—try and embarrass Republicans into taking an action they'd clearly rather avoid.Sign our petition urging U.S. House members to bring comprehensive immigration reform to a floor vote, with or without Speaker Boehner.SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi has disappointed some of her liberal base with her defense of the Obama administration's classified surveillance of U.S. residents' phone and Internet records.Some of the activists attending the annual Netroots Nation political conference Saturday booed and interrupted the San Francisco Democrat when she commented on the surveillance programs carried out by the National Security Agency and revealed by a former contractor, Edward Snowden, The San Jose Mercury News reports (http://bit.ly/19fB6U4).The boos came when Pelosi said that Snowden had violated the law and that the government needed to strike a balance between security and privacy.As she was attempting to argue that Obama's approach to citizen surveillance was an improvement over the policies under President George W. Bush, an activist, identified by the Mercury News as Marc Perkel of Gilroy, stood up and tried loudly to question her, prompting security guards to escort him out of the convention hall."Leave him alone!" audience members shouted. Others yelled "Secrets and lies!," ''No secret courts!" and "Protect the First Amendment!," according to the Mercury News.Perkel told the newspaper that he thinks Pelosi does not fully understand what the NSA is up to.Several others in the audience walked out in support of Perkel."We're listening to our progressive leaders who are supposed to be on our side of the team saying it's OK for us to get targeted" for online surveillance, said Jana Thrift of Eugene, Ore. "It's crazy. I don't know who Nancy Pelosi really is."Netroots Nation is an organizing and training convention for progressive political leaders. Pelosi was Saturday's keynote speaker at the event, which opened Thursday at the San Jose Convention Center and was scheduled to conclude Sunday.Her remarks criticizing the Republican majority in the House and encouraging powerful women brought applause, cheers and laughs.The COVID vaccination site at Hialeah’s Babcock Park, a four-day pop-up site that opened last Wednesday, has had its run extended by at least one day.(Reuters) -The U.S. Supreme Court handed Alphabet Inc's Google a major victory on Monday, ruling that its use of Oracle Corp's software code to build the Android operating system that runs most of the world's smartphones did not violate federal copyright law.  In a 6-2 decision, the justices overturned a lower court's ruling that Google's inclusion of Oracle's software code in Android did not constitute a fair use under U.S. copyright law.Two reports from the CDC confirm most patients who died of COVID-19 in 2020 had other health problems and people of color were more likely to die.Former White House press secretary joins 'Justice with Judge Jeanine' with reactionJordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks rallied on Monday with the Dow and S&P 500 closing at record levels, as a round of strong economic data buoyed investor optimism for the economic reopening and a muted climb in the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield kept inflation worries in check.  An ISM survey for March showed a measure of U.S. services industry activity jumped to a record high.  The data followed Friday's report showing U.S. nonfarm payrolls surged by 916,000 jobs in March, trouncing forecasts.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.AdvertisementSupported byEditorialBy The Editorial BoardApparently no espionage tool that Congress gives the National Security Agency is big enough or intrusive enough to satisfy the agency’s inexhaustible appetite for delving into the communications of Americans. Time and again, the N.S.A. has pushed past the limits that lawmakers thought they had imposed to prevent it from invading basic privacy, as guaranteed by the Constitution.It was bad enough in 2008 when Congress allowed the agency to spy without a warrant on e-mails and text messages between Americans and foreign targets of an investigation. That already strained the Fourth Amendment’s protections against illegal searches, but lawmakers decided it was justified as part of a terror investigation.It turns out, as Charlie Savage revealed in The Times on Thursday, that the N.S.A. went far beyond those boundaries. Instead, it copies virtually all overseas messages that Americans send or receive, then scans them to see if they contain any references to people or subjects the agency thinks might have a link to terrorists.That could very well include innocent communications between family members expressing fears of a terror attack. Or messages between an editor and a reporter who is covering international security issues. Or the privileged conversation between a lawyer and a client who is being investigated.Data collection on this scale goes far beyond what Congress authorized, and it clearly shreds a common-sense understanding of the Fourth Amendment. It’s as if the government were telling its citizens not to even talk about security issues in private messages or else they will come to the attention of the nation’s spies. “By injecting the N.S.A. into virtually every crossborder interaction, the U.S. government will forever alter what has always been an open exchange of ideas,” said Jameel Jaffer, the deputy legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union.Obama administration officials justified this unwarranted expansion of surveillance powers with the usual hairsplitting arguments over semantics. It’s not “bulk collection” of messages if the messages aren’t stored, they said (even if every message is analyzed by supercomputers as it is sent). It’s legitimate to search through conversations “about” a target, even if the target isn’t part of the conversation. Naturally, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court approved these half-baked assertions with a secret opinion.The disclosure of this practice makes it more urgent than ever that Congress clamp down on what is unquestionably the bulk collection of American communications and restrict it to clear targets of an investigation. Despite President Obama’s claim this week that “there is no spying on Americans,” the evidence shows that such spying is greater than the public ever knew.AdvertisementWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartSamuel L. Jackson is the Playboy interview for October and he has a lot to say. He talks about going to rehab in 1990, about having a sneaker "fetish" — he has "hundreds" of pairs — about golf as the perfect sport, about movies, good grammar, about wife LaTanya Richardson (to whom he's been married for "40 (effing) years") and more, including the six movies he has completed in 2013.If we missed any of his expletives, forgive us. Jackson, 64, uses them freely and frequently.Some highlights from the lengthy chat:On never settling for mediocrity: "On Twitter someone will write, 'Your an idiot,' and I'll go, 'No, you're an idiot,' and all my Twitterphiles will go, 'Hey, Sam Jackson, he's the grammar police.' I'll take that. Somebody needs to be. I mean, we have newscasters who don't even know how to conjugate verbs, something Walter Cronkite and Edward R. Murrow never had problems with. How the ... did we become a society where mediocrity is acceptable."On President Obama consciously dropping gs off the ends of words to sound like Joe Average: "First of all, we know it ain't because of his blackness, so I say stop trying to 'relate.' Be a leader. Be (effing) presidential. Look, I grew up in a society where I could say 'It ain't' or 'What it be' to my friends. But when I'm out presenting myself to the world as me, who graduated from college, who had family what cared about me, who has a well-read background, I (effing) conjugate."On defending Quentin Tarantino's controversial use of the "N" word in Django Unchained: "These 20-somethings can't turn around and tell me the word (n-word) is (effed)-up in Django yet still listen to Jay Z or whoever else say '(n-word, n-word, n-word)' throughout the music they listen to. You can't have it one way and not the other ..."On whether only black directors can tell black stories: "There is this whole thing of 'Nobody can tell our story but us,' but that's apparently not true, because the Jackie Robinson movie finally got made as 42. Spike (Lee) didn't make it, but people still went to see it."On the double standard that exists when telling black stories: "These stories must be told. If Spike (Lee), the Hughes brothers or Carl Franklin had done it, it would have been right? Look, Quentin has this master storytelling ability, and a lot of criticism from a lot of people is straight (b.s.) jealousy because they can't do it themselves."On the one thing he won't do onscreen, even for Quentin Tarantino: "Probably dress up as a woman and kiss another guy. I don't think people want to see me do that. He hasn't asked me, but you know what? If it's done right and the story is good, I might."On working with Josh Brolin (in upcoming Oldboy) and Julianne Moore: "Josh is good, and he understands the fun aspect of the job. When they say 'Action,' you get serious. 'Cut,' boom. There are a few actors who are like that who are really great, like Julianne Moore. When we were doing Freedomland, Julianne was standing there saying, 'Sam, do you watch American Idol? Oh, it's so great.' They call 'Action!' and she's crying her eyes out; they call 'Cut!' and she comes right back over: 'As I was saying, this American Idol thing ... .' She's amazing."On bringing back his Mace Windu character in Star Wars: Episode VII: "They should figure out a way to bring my (rear) back from wherever I went when I fell out that window, because you know a Jedi can fall from incredible heights and not die. I'd just come back with a fake hand like Darth Vader and my purple lightsaber."On the impression he hopes to leave after he's gone: "That I was a hard worker and I generally gave people their money's worth. That's all you want from a movie star. I mean, I'm not trying to change the world. I'm just trying to entertain people."AdvertisementSupported byBy Peter BakerWASHINGTON — President Obama announced Monday that he would nominate Thomas E. Perez, who heads the Civil Rights Division at the Justice Department, to be the next secretary of labor, a choice that promised to provoke a debate with Republicans about voting rights, immigration and discrimination.Mr. Perez would replace Hilda L. Solis as head of the Labor Department at a time when the president has promised to create more jobs and overhaul immigration policy. Mr. Obama presented Mr. Perez, who would be the only Hispanic in the cabinet, as an American immigration success story whose own history would help him tackle the issues of the day.“Like so many Americans, Tom knows what it’s like to climb the ladder of opportunity,” Mr. Obama said with Mr. Perez at his side during a ceremony in the East Room on Monday morning. “He’s the son of Dominican immigrants. He helped pay his way through college as a garbage collector and working at a warehouse. He went on to become the first lawyer in his family.“So his story reminds us of this country’s promise,” the president added, “that if you’re willing to work hard, it doesn’t matter who you are, where you come from, what your last name is, you can make it if you try.”Republicans quickly criticized Mr. Perez, suggesting that he may undergo tough scrutiny in confirmation hearings. Critics described Mr. Perez as a radical legal activist who has presided over a politically charged division and has tried to help illegal immigrants avoid detection and receive public benefits.“This is an unfortunate and needlessly divisive nomination,” said Senator Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama. “The top priority of the secretary of labor should be to create jobs and higher wages for American workers. But Mr. Perez has aggressively sought ways to allow the hiring of more illegal workers. Mr. Perez has also had a controversial tenure at the Department of Justice, where he has demonstrated a fundamentally political approach to the law.”Senator Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, the ranking Republican on the committee that will consider Mr. Perez’s nomination, issued a more cautious statement, saying he looked forward to meeting the nominee and examining his record. “Any nominee for this position should be ready and able to work with both parties in Congress to make it easier for the private sector to create good jobs for the 12 million workers still unemployed now more than three and a half years after the recession ended,” Mr. Alexander said.The president’s announcement came just days after a Justice Department inspector general’s report found that the voting rights section has been torn by “deep ideological polarization” with liberal and conservative factions in sharp conflict. The divisions date back to the George W. Bush administration, and most occurred before Mr. Perez was confirmed in October 2009. He portrayed the report as largely clearing the section on his watch.But the report also raised questions about testimony he gave, and Republicans made clear that they would take issue with his handling of some cases over the last three and a half years. His critics question, for example, whether he acted inappropriately in persuading the City of St. Paul to drop a lawsuit seeking to limit fair housing claims when there is no intentional bias.Liberals and labor leaders hailed Mr. Perez, calling him a champion for workers and those who have faced discrimination. “At a time when our politics tilts so heavily toward corporations and the very wealthy, our country needs leaders like Tom Perez to champion the cause of ordinary working people,” said Richard L. Trumka, president of the A.F.L.-C.I.O.James P. Hoffa, general president of the Teamsters, called Mr. Perez “the right choice” because of his history of advocacy. “In these difficult economic times,” Mr. Hoffa said, “workers need a fighter at the Labor Department who will stand up for them, and they are getting just that with Thomas Perez.”While at the Justice Department, Mr. Perez has pursued a record number of discrimination or brutality claims against local police and sheriff’s departments, including that of Joe Arpaio, the outspoken sheriff in Maricopa County, Ariz., who was accused of “a pattern of unlawful discrimination” against Latinos.Mr. Perez also challenged voter identification requirements imposed by South Carolina and Texas, and his division reached the three largest residential fair lending settlements in the history of the Fair Housing Act. Under him, the voting section participated in the most new litigation in the last fiscal year than in any previous year.He has spent a career fighting discrimination cases as a federal prosecutor, then, under President Bill Clinton, as deputy chief of the Civil Rights Division, and finally as head of civil rights enforcement at the Health and Human Services Department. Mr. Perez also served as an elected council member in Montgomery County, Md., and as the state’s secretary of labor, licensing and regulation.Though his father died when he was 12, his family pressed the value of education so much that all four of his siblings became doctors. Mr. Perez, 51, graduated from Brown University and Harvard Law School.“My parents taught my four siblings and me to work hard, to give back to our community and to make sure that the ladder of opportunity was there for those coming after us,” Mr. Perez said at the White House on Monday as he addressed the crowd in both English and Spanish. “Over my career, I’ve learned that true progress is possible if you keep an open mind, listen to all sides and focus on results.”The timing of the inspector general’s report on the voting section seems to ensure that it will come up during Mr. Perez’s confirmation hearings. The report found a toxic environment in which conservatives and liberals fought and maligned one another through the Bush administration and into the Obama administration.The examples it cited generally preceded Mr. Perez, and he wrote the inspector general that he had made a point of correcting the situation. “Since 2009, the Civil Rights Division and the Voting Section have undertaken a number of steps to improve the professionalism of our workplace and to ensure that we enforce the civil rights laws in an independent, evenhanded fashion,” Mr. Perez wrote.The inspector general, however, raised questions regarding Mr. Perez’s testimony about a case that preceded his time. Mr. Perez told the Civil Rights Commission in 2010 that no senior department officials were involved in a 2009 decision not to pursue further a case of voter intimidation involving the New Black Panthers. But the report noted that in fact senior officials did participate in discussions about the case, although the final decision was made by career lawyers as Mr. Perez had testified.Senator Charles E. Grassley of Iowa, the senior Republican on the Judiciary Committee, said the report showed that Mr. Perez was “woefully unprepared to answer questions” about a matter that he expected to be asked about. “This is troubling as it suggests a failure to also prepare for hearings before Congress, including the Senate Judiciary Committee, when questioned on this same topic,” he said in a statement.Moreover, Mr. Grassley said the report made clear that Mr. Perez had not done as much as he had said to end harassment of conservatives in the voting rights section. “The reports shows that despite claims that it’s a new era in the Civil Rights Division, they are sadly mistaken, and it’s business as usual,” Mr. Grassley said.While conservatives have called him a radical, Mr. Perez has not backed off his aggressive approach, even as his name was up for consideration for the Labor Department job. Just last Thursday, he announced an investigation into excessive force complaints against the Cleveland Police Department.AdvertisementWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 Breitbart“We are the ones we’ve been waiting for. We are the change we seek,” candidate Barack Obama said in 2008. At the time, his comments came in for criticism: They were narcissistic; they were tautological; they didn’t make a whole lot of sense. But in the aftermath of Obama’s 2012 reelection and his second inaugural address, his 2008 remarks seem less a statement of self-absorption than one of prophecy. There is an Obama majority in American politics, symbolized by Monday’s throng on the Mall, whose existence is both the consequence of profound changes to our nation’s composition and values and the cause of changes yet to come. That majority, as the president made clear in his remarks, would not exist but for Americans’ struggles to expand our foundational belief in the equality of all men. The drive to expand equality, he said in his speech’s most historically resonant line, “is the star that guides us still, just as it guided our forebears through Seneca Falls and Selma and Stonewall.” Our history, Obama argued, is one of adapting our ideals to a changing world. His speech (like recent books by Michael Lind and my Post colleague E.J. Dionne Jr.) reclaimed U.S. history from the misrepresentations of both constitutional originalists and libertarian fantasists. “Fidelity to our founding principles requires new responses to new challenges,” the president said. “Preserving our individual freedoms ultimately requires collective action. For the American people can no more meet the demands of today’s world by acting alone than American soldiers could have met the forces of fascism or communism with muskets and militias.” Having established that the moral and practical arc of U.S. history bends toward equality, Obama vowed to push his demands for equality still further — to ending the systemic underpayment of female workers; the voter suppression that compels some Americans, usually minorities, to wait hours to cast their votes; the deportations of immigrants who would otherwise help build the economy; and the laws that forbid gay Americans to marry. As the president acknowledged, however, social equality is rising even as the relative economic equality that once defined American life has sharply and broadly receded. “Our country cannot succeed,” he said, “when a shrinking few do very well and a growing many barely make it.” For this, Obama prescribed revamping our taxes and reforming our schools, but these are by no means sufficient to transform our nation into one that, as the president put it, “rewards the effort and determination of every single American.” The waning of the middle class is, with climate change, the most vexing item on the president’s agenda and requires far-reaching solutions beyond any he laid out. U.S. workers must regain the power they once had to bargain for their wages, but that only begins the list of economic reforms that are as difficult to achieve as they are necessary to re-create an financially vibrant nation. The president closed his speech by asking his supporters to join him to help “shape the debates of our time.” The biggest mistake Obama made when he took office was to effectively disband the organization of the millions of Americans who had worked for his election — for fear, in part, that it might upset members of Congress whose votes he would need for his policies. He wants no such unilateral political disarmament now; his operatives hope to keep his 2012 campaign’s volunteer army in the field for the legislative battles ahead. Obama’s legions have proven that they can win elections, and this matters a great deal more, the president has learned, than whatever trace elements of goodwill he may win by deferring to Congress. The Obama Majority — its existence and mobilization — is what enabled the president to deliver so ideological an address. No such inaugural speech has been delivered since Ronald Reagan took office in 1981, demanding the curtailment of government programs and secure in the knowledge that much of the white working class had shifted its allegiance away from the Democrats and supported his attack on the public sector and minority rights. On Monday, Obama, secure in the knowledge that the nation’s minorities had joined with other liberal constituencies to form a new governing coalition, voiced their demands to ensure equality and to preserve and expand the government’s efforts to meet the nation’s challenges. As he left the stage, he stopped and turned to marvel at the crowd, at the new American majority they represented. They were the ones he, and we, were waiting for.  Read more from Harold Meyerson’s archive or follow him on Twitter.  Read more on this from Opinions:   E.J. Dionne: Obama’s unapologetic inaugural address  David Ignatius: A flat, partisan and pedestrian speech  Michael Gerson: Obama shoves idealism into its grave  Eugene Robinson: The black president no longer  Marc Thiessen: An inaugural gift from the GOP We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.A federal case in San Francisco, filed by an Iraqi single mother and refugee now living in Jordan, alleges that President Bush and much of his administration should be tried for violating international law in the execution of the Iraq War.However, the Obama administration's Department of Justice has moved to request that such Bush-era officials, and the former President, be shielded with immunity.Per Inder Comar:Plaintiff Sundus Shaker Saleh, an Iraqi single mother and refugee now living in Jordan, filed a complaint in March 2013 in San Francisco federal court alleging that the planning and waging of the war constituted a “crime of aggression” against Iraq, a legal theory that was used by the Nuremberg Tribunal to convict Nazi war criminals after World War II.However, the Obama administration would like to shield the ex-President and his officials from such prosecution, arguing that everything done was performed within the scope of their various governmental roles.Meanwhile, Bradley Manning – now Chelsea Manning – will be spending 35 years in prison for exposing U.S. war crimes.Crimes Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld and their ilk helped choreograph.Follow @David_EHG
 
 
 SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News A man who spent a lifetime putting his name on things is rebranding himself as a number, and marketing experts are intrigued.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.AdvertisementSupported byBy Sharon LaFraniereSoon after President Obama appointed him director of national intelligence in 2009, Dennis C. Blair called for a tally of the number of government officials or employees who had been prosecuted for leaking national security secrets. He was dismayed by what he found.In the previous four years, the record showed, 153 cases had been referred to the Justice Department. Not one had led to an indictment.That scorecard “was pretty shocking to all of us,” Mr. Blair said. So in a series of phone calls and meetings, he and Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. fashioned a more aggressive strategy to punish anyone who leaked national security information that endangered intelligence-gathering methods and sources.“My background is in the Navy, and it is good to hang an admiral once in a while as an example to the others,” said Mr. Blair, who left the administration in 2010. “We were hoping to get somebody and make people realize that there are consequences to this and it needed to stop.”The Obama administration has done its best to define those consequences, with an aggressive focus on leaks and leakers that has led to more than twice as many prosecutions as there were in all previous administrations combined. It also led to a significant legal victory on Friday when a federal appeals court accepted the Justice Department’s argument that the First Amendment does not protect reporters from having to reveal the sources suspected of leaking information to them.In tracing the origins of this effort, present and former government officials said the focus on leaks began at the administration’s highest levels and was driven by pressure from the intelligence agencies and members of Congress.An unprecedented cascade of disclosures, including hundreds of thousands of secret diplomatic cables made public by WikiLeaks, according to these officials, gave the search for leakers a growing sense of urgency, while technological advances made the job of finding them easier. And prosecutors — until recently — were given more latitude to comb through journalists’ records to hunt for suspects.The charges filed last month against Edward J. Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor now holed up in a Moscow airport, are the seventh leak-related prosecution brought by the Justice Department. And the department’s next case may be aimed at just the kind of top-level target that Mr. Blair said he had hoped for: James E. Cartwright, a retired general who was vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff until August 2011. General Cartwright has been identified as a focus of an investigation into the disclosure of classified information about American-led cyberattacks on Iran’s nuclear program.Supporters of the crackdown — even those with qualms about seeking evidence from journalists — say a culture of leaking must be reined in to protect covert sources and high-risk intelligence operations and reassure allies that it is safe to share intelligence. “Somebody finally said this has got to stop,” said John D. Negroponte, a former diplomat and director of national intelligence under George W. Bush. “Maybe if there are more prosecutions, it will.” But critics argue that the Cartwright case, and now the appeals court ruling, show how the antileak campaign has gone too far, producing a chilling effect on news gathering without deterring leakers. Mr. Snowden has said he was inspired by the deeds of Pfc. Bradley Manning, who is facing a court-martial after divulging the diplomatic cables to WikiLeaks.“I think it has gotten away from them,” said Morton H. Halperin, who served in national security or diplomatic positions in three previous administrations. “If the president doesn’t fix this, I think his claim that he understands the importance of balancing the First Amendment against claims of national security will lack any credibility.” Implicitly at least, Mr. Holder seemed to acknowledge some of the criticism this month when he restored and bolstered longstanding Justice Department restraints on seeking evidence from journalists. He said those restrictions “will help ensure the proper balance is struck when pursuing investigations into unauthorized disclosures.” Mr. Holder’s move came in response to a torrent of criticism after the revelations this spring that prosecutors had secretly subpoenaed the phone logs for more than 20 phone lines of The Associated Press in one leak inquiry and two days of phone logs of a Fox News reporter, James Rosen, in another investigation aimed at a State Department adviser, Stephen Jin-Woo Kim. Prosecutors also obtained a court-ordered search warrant for Mr. Rosen’s e-mails by identifying him as a criminal co-conspirator of Mr. Kim’s. But Mr. Holder’s conciliatory message was seemingly undermined by the Justice Department’s success in overturning a lower court’s ruling that a reporter for The New York Times, James Risen, had a First Amendment right to refuse to reveal his sources in the trial of a former C.I.A. analyst, Jeffrey Sterling. Mr. Sterling was charged in 2010 with disclosing classified information to Mr. Risen about a covert operation to deceive Iranian scientists described in Mr. Risen’s 2006 book, “State of War.”Mr. Risen has previously vowed to go to jail to protect his sources.  On Saturday he said in a statement, “I remain as resolved as ever to continue fighting.”The targeting of General Cartwright in the investigation of disclosures about cyberattacks on Iran also represents an escalation of effort. If charged, he would be by far the most senior official ever to face criminal prosecution for divulging information to the news media. Other high-ranking officials have faced minor criminal charges for mishandling information, but only low-to-mid-level analysts, contract workers and technicians have been indicted on charges of releasing secrets to journalists.The closest parallel would be the case against I. Lewis Libby Jr., the former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney who was convicted in 2007 of lying to a federal grand jury and to F.B.I. agents investigating the unmasking of a covert C.I.A. operative to a newspaper columnist. “The Cartwright case stands alone,” said Steven Aftergood, who studies government secrecy for the nonprofit Federation of American Scientists. “It is a sign that the administration is not backing off its antileak crusade. It is still going full tilt.”General Cartwright has not commented on the reports that he is being investigated, but his lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, has said any suggestion that his client betrayed his country is “preposterous.” President Bush also faced damaging leaks during his tenure. But his Justice Department prosecuted only one official under the Espionage Act for disclosing national security secrets, a Pentagon analyst first investigated in 2004 and convicted in 2006. As a conservative, President Bush would have faced a greater public backlash had he sought to imprison leakers, said Gabriel Schoenfeld, a senior scholar with the Hudson Institute, a conservative-leaning research organization. Mr. Bush “was not willing to spend the political capital,” Mr. Schoenfeld said. “This president is very hawkish on this.”So far, the Obama administration has won two felony convictions for unauthorized disclosure of national security secrets. Private Manning has also pleaded guilty to 10 offenses and is now being tried in military court on others. A fourth felony prosecution crumbled, producing a minor misdemeanor conviction, and Mr. Holder has privately said he regrets pursuing it.In June, Mr. Holder said  his department’s record number of leak prosecutions was a logical legal response to an increase in both the number and seriousness of leaks. But in interviews, former prosecutors and other administration and Congressional officials offered a different perspective. Though the Justice Department issued no explicit directive to pursue leakers more vigorously, according to these officials, the climate in which leaks were judged changed markedly as a new team of national security officials joined the Obama administration and quickly ran head-on into what it saw as distressing lapses in controlling state secrets. “There was a lot of pressure to use every possible investigative tool,” said one senior former prosecutor who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak for the Justice Department.According to Mr. Blair, the effort got under way after Fox News reported in June 2009 that American intelligence had gleaned word from within North Korea of plans for an imminent nuclear test — a disclosure that eventually led to the indictment of Mr. Kim. The report infuriated the Central Intelligence Agency not only because it indicated that the United States was privy to the private discussions of North Korean leaders, but also because it was broadcast mere hours after a classified report with that information had been distributed to intelligence officials.In subsequent meetings and phone calls, Mr. Blair said, he and Mr. Holder, who declined a request for an interview, agreed that leaks were flourishing partly because the government was too passive in addressing them. Of 153 referrals to the Justice Department of national security leaks during President Bush’s second term, only 24 had led to F.B.I. investigations. In half of those cases, investigators had identified suspects, but none of them had faced charges, although two investigations were in an advanced stage and ultimately produced indictments in 2010. Mr. Holder’s “attitude, the same as mine, was to speed up the process and make it more effective,” Mr. Blair said. “So, yes, that would mean more aggressive prosecution.” The Justice Department imposed a tight deadline to decide whether to open criminal inquiries into leaks, shortening to just three weeks a review process that had often dragged on for months. Leaks considered unworthy of prosecution were marked for administrative inquiries. Underscoring the administration’s determination, Robert M. Bryant, Mr. Blair’s national counterintelligence executive, was put in charge of stanching leaks. The White House has kept a careful distance from the Justice Department prosecutions, but President Obama seemed unwavering in his support for them. When government transparency advocates told him in March 2011 that chasing whistle-blowers was sullying his record, the president disagreed, saying some disclosures had been very damaging to national security.And members of Congress continuously clamored for a tougher approach. At a closed hearing in December 2009, members of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, led by Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, scolded Mr. Holder, Mr. Blair and the F.B.I. director, Robert S. Mueller, saying they had not adequately protected national security secrets.“A tipping point was reached in 2009,” said one knowledgeable Senate aide, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he is not an official spokesman. “There was an official change of policy.”Mr. Blair said, “We had to do 50 push-ups and promise to do better.”Past overreaching notwithstanding, the Cartwright investigation suggests that zeal has not waned. The inquiry was prompted by a detailed account of a series of United States- and Israeli-led cyberattacks on Iran’s nuclear program, in a June 2012 article in The New York Times and in a book published days later, both by David E. Sanger, a Times reporter. Part of the operation, called Olympic Games, was revealed two years earlier because of a programming error, but much of it remained highly classified, setting off an aggressive search for the source or sources of Mr. Sanger’s information.Lucy A. Dalglish, a media lawyer and the dean of journalism at the University of Maryland, says that case and others carry a strong message.“They are not going to give up on national security investigations, and they are still going to go after reporters’ information if they think they need to,” she said.AdvertisementPresident Obama did something relatively unusual Thursday -- he issued 13 pardons.That brings Obama's total to 52 pardons during his presidency, still far behind recent successors George W. Bush (189), Bill Clinton (396), Ronald Reagan (393), Jimmy Carter (534), Gerald Ford (382), and Richard Nixon (863), according to statistics compiled by Mark Knoller of CBS News.Obama could catch President George H.W. Bush, who issued 74 pardons, though he served only one term.The current president also announced eight commutations on Thursday, all involving a dispute over past sentencing disparities between cases involving crack cocaine and powder cocaine.The pardon list:William Ricardo Alvarez -- Marietta, Ga. Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute heroin; conspiracy to import heroin (District of Puerto Rico). Sentence: Time served after nine months' imprisonment, four years' supervised release (Apr. 30, 1997; amended Jul. 31, 1997).Charlie Lee Davis, Jr. -- Wetumpka, Ala. Offense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine base; use of a minor to distribute cocaine base (Middle District of Alabama. Sentence: 87 months' imprisonment, five years' supervised release (Mar. 21, 1995).Ronald Eugene Greenwood -- Crane, Mo. Offense: Conspiracy to violate the Clean Water Act (District of South Dakota). Sentence: Three years' probation, conditioned on six months' home confinement, 100 hours community service, $5,000 restitution, $1,000 fine (Nov. 18, 1996).Little Joe Hatch, aka Joe Hatch Sr. -- Lake Placid, Fla. Offense: Possession with intent to distribute marijuana (Southern District of Florida). Sentence: 60 months' imprisonment, four years' supervised release (May 15, 1990).Martin Alan Hatcher -- Foley, Ala. Offense: Distribution and possession with intent to distribute marijuana (Southern District of Alabama). Sentence: Five years' probation (Nov. 9, 1992).Derek James Laliberte -- Auburn, Maine. Offense: Money laundering (District of Maine). Sentence: 18 months' imprisonment, 2 years' supervised release (Oct. 2, 1992; amended May 21, 1993).Alfred J. Mack -- Manassas, Va. Offense: Unlawful distribution of heroin (District of Columbia Superior Court). Sentence: 18 to 54 months' imprisonment (Apr. 5, 1982).Robert Andrew Schindler -- Goshen, Va. Offense: Conspiracy to commit wire fraud and mail fraud (District of Utah). Sentence: Three years' probation, four months' home confinement, $10,000 restitution (May 14, 1996).Willie Shaw Jr. -- Myrtle Beach, S.C. Offense: Armed bank robbery (District of South Carolina). Sentence: Fifteen years' imprisonment (Aug. 7, 1974).Kimberly Lynn Stout, formerly known as Kimberly Lynn Cooley -- Bassett, Va. Offense: Bank embezzlement; false entries in the books of a lending institution (Western District of Virginia). Sentence: One day imprisonment, three years' supervised release (including five months home confinement) (Nov. 9, 1993).Bernard Anthony Sutton, Jr. -- Norfolk, Va. Offense: Theft of personal property (Eastern District of Virginia). Sentence: Three years' probation, $825 restitution, $500 fine (Apr. 4, 1989).Chris Deann Switzer -- Omaha, Neb. Offense: Conspiracy to violate narcotics laws (methamphetamine) (District of Nebraska). Sentence: Four years' probation, conditioned on six months home confinement, 200 hours' community service (Jun. 25, 1996).Miles Thomas Wilson -- Williamsburg, Ohio. Offense: Mail fraud (Southern District of Ohio). Sentence: Three years' probation (Jul. 15, 1981).The commutation list:Clarence Aaron -- Mobile, Ala. Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine and cocaine base; possession with intent to distribute cocaine; attempt to possess cocaine with intent to distribute (Southern District of Alabama). Sentence: Life imprisonment, five years' supervised release (Dec. 10, 1993). Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on April 17, 2014.Stephanie Yvette George -- Pensacola, Fla. Offense: Conspiracy to possess cocaine base with intent to distribute (Northern District of Florida). Sentence: Life imprisonment, ten years' supervised release (May 5, 1997). Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on April 17, 2014.Ezell Gilbert -- Tampa, Fla. Offense: Possession with intent to deliver cocaine base; possession with intent to distribute marijuana (Middle District of Florida). Sentence: 292 months' imprisonment, five years' supervised release (Mar. 25, 1997). Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to time already served.Helen R. Alexander Gray -- Ty Ty, Ga. Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine base; possession with intent to distribute cocaine base; possession of a firearm by a convicted felon (Middle District of Georgia). Sentence: 240 months' imprisonment (Oct. 8, 1996). Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on April 17, 2014.Jason Hernandez -- McKinney, Texas. Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and distribute controlled substances; possession with intent to distribute and distribute crack cocaine and methamphetamine; possession with intent to distribute a mixture of methamphetamine and cocaine hydrochloride; distribution of a controlled substance within 1,000 feet of a protected property; establishing a place for manufacture and distribution of controlled substances (Eastern District of Texas). Sentence: Life imprisonment; eight years' supervised release; $5,000 fine (Oct. 2, 1998). Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to 240 months (20 years).Ricky Eugene Patterson -- Fort Pierce, Fla. Offense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base; possession with intent to distribute cocaine base (Southern District of Florida). Sentence: Life imprisonment, 10 years' supervised release (Aug. 3, 1995)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on April 17, 2014.Billy Ray Wheelock -- Belton, Texas. Offense: Conspiracy to distribute more than 50 grams of crack cocaine; possession with intent to distribute more than 5 grams of crack cocaine within 1,000 feet of a school; possession with intent to distribute crack cocaine (Western District of Texas). Sentence: Life imprisonment, 10 years' supervised release, $3,000 fine (Jun. 9, 1993). Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on April 17, 2014Reynolds Allen Wintersmith Jr. -- Rockford, Ill. Offense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute and distribute cocaine and cocaine base; possession with intent to distribute crack (Northern District of Illinois). Sentence: Life imprisonment, five years' supervised release, $1,000 fine (Nov. 23, 1994). Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on April 17, 2014.“You know, sometimes stuff doesn’t work when you want it to. We’ve certainly had plenty of mistakes and things that haven’t worked the way that we want to,” Zuckerberg said of Facebook’s website when asked by ABC News about Obamacare’s website failure. “The right thing here is just to keep on focusing on building the service that you think is right in the long term.”In the interview, Zuckerberg attempted to frame granting amnesty to America’s at least 11 million illegal aliens as a “civil rights issue”–a talking point used by Attorney General Eric Holder earlier this year. “When you meet these children who are really talented, and they’ve grown up in America and they really don’t know any other country besides that, but they don’t have the opportunities that… we all enjoy, it’s really heartbreaking–right? That seems like it’s one of the biggest civil rights issues of our time,” Zuckerberg said. “There are a lot of misconceptions about that… and a lot of them came here because they just want to work. They want to help out their families and they want to contribute.”Zuckerberg alluded in the interview that his goal in pushing for amnesty is to get tech workers from abroad for his company, rather than hiring Americans for jobs at Facebook.“The future of our economy is a knowledge economy,” Zuckerberg said. “And that means that getting the most talented people into this country is the most important thing that we can do to make sure that the companies of tomorrow are founded here.”Zuckerberg’s interview came as he and a group of illegal aliens last week conducted a “hackathon” to push for amnesty. “One of the things that the ‘dreamers’ here today show is that even if, you know, you’re a child of someone who came here who wouldn’t be considered one of the higher-skilled workers… you can be one of the entrepreneurs of tomorrow,” Zuckerberg said of the hackathon. “That’s the American dream.”Zuckerberg was asked, too, about how thus far amnesty efforts have been stalled in Congress, despite all the money he has spent through FWD.us and other lobbyists have spent through their respective outfits pushing to create support in Washington for comprehensive immigration reform. He said he still thinks there is a possibility an amnesty could be passed into law.“I’m fundamentally an optimistic person, as an entrepreneur,” he said. “The vast majority of Americans want this to happen.”Zuckerberg has relaunched advertising efforts to push for an immigration bill out of the House this Congress. PoliticsABCMark Zuckerberg.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        Michael Moore, left and John Cusack have both commented on the recent NSA scandal. (Reuters)LOS ANGELES – Revelations that the National Security Agency (NSA) has been secretly logging the phone and Internet activity of millions of Americans has caused a rift between President Obama and several of his Hollywood supporters.Actor and liberal activist John Cusack tweaked the administration, tweeting “Prism the name for electronic prison – all have to wear lojacks,” in reference to the PRISM data mining program revealed in leaks by former NSA employee Edward Snowden last week.Cusack also re-tweeted “Obama is becoming the next Nixon.”Prominent writer/director Judd Apatow of “Knocked Up” fame also took to Twitter to blast the administration: “What is this, North Korea? We are so inundated with so much info and so many problems – we have given up caring."Apatow also drew attention to reports on the scandal, calling it "an outrageous breach of the privacy and rights of American citizens.”Liberal filmmaker Michael Moore also hopped on the bandwagon, tweeting “the administration has now lost all credibility” while spotlighting a 2007 Obama quote: “that means no more illegal wiretapping of American citizens. No more (spying) on citizens... No more tracking citizens..."Some media critics called the celebrities' about face a welcome change.“I am encouraged to see the Hollywood left is starting to dish out some bipartisan criticism. Now, the NSA scandal under the Obama administration has many feeling betrayed by a Democrat who promised more transparency and less intrusion,” political blogger and author Thomas Moyer told FOX411 Pop Tarts column. “Further, it hits a lot closer to home when you find out that your personal phone records are being monitored, something that scares a lot of people.”But some left-leaners in Hollywood had no problem with the administration's reported actions. Liberal comedian and HBO host Bill Maher praised both the tapping, and Obama’s handling of the growing scandal, during his program Friday night.“I’m okay with it now that Obama is in office. I’m kind of trusting of him,” he said. “We live in a world of nuclear weapons. And there are religious fanatics who would love to get one and set if off here… The fact that a city can be demolished in one second kinda tips the scale for me. I’m not saying to look into your emails is the right thing, I’m just saying, I’m not gonna pretend it’s ‘cause I’m brave, it’s ‘cause I’m scared.”And Chrissy Teigen, best known for posing in swimsuits for Sports Illustrated and being engaged to singer John Legend, also dismissed the issue on Monday.“On NSA:  I’m most shocked you’re shocked,” she wrote. “Although I understand why you’re upset, I personally could not care less.”The Guardian broke the story late Wednesday that the federal government was collecting phone call records from Verizon customers.The Guardian and the Washington Post followed with a series of reports about the calls being taken from other telecommunications companies and that the NSA and FBI have a Internet scouring program, code-named PRISM, that records Internet activities, all part of a post-9/11 effort to thwart terrorism.
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALInternal Revenue Service officials in Washington and at least two other offices were involved with investigating conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status, making clear that the effort reached well beyond the branch in Cincinnati that was initially blamed, according to documents obtained by The Washington Post. IRS officials at the agency’s Washington headquarters sent queries to conservative groups asking about their donors and other aspects of their operations, while officials in the El Monte and Laguna Niguel offices in California sent similar questionnaires to tea-party-affiliated groups, the documents show. IRS employees in Cincinnati told conservatives seeking the status of “social welfare” groups that a task force in Washington was overseeing their applications, according to interviews with the activists. Lois G. Lerner, who oversees tax-exempt groups for the IRS, told reporters Friday that the “absolutely inappropriate” actions were undertaken by “front-line people” working in Cincinnati to target groups with “tea party,” “patriot” or “9/12” in their names.In one instance, however, Ron Bell, an IRS employee, informed a lawyer representing a conservative group focused on voter fraud that the application was under review in Washington. On several other occasions, IRS officials in Washington and California sent conservative groups detailed questionnaires about their voter outreach and other activities, according to the documents. “For the IRS to say it was some low-level group in Cincinnati is simply false,” said Cleta Mitchell, a partner in the law firm Foley & Lardner who sought to communicate with IRS headquarters about the delay in granting tax-exempt status to True the Vote.Moreover, details of the IRS’s efforts to target conservative groups reached the highest levels of the agency in May 2012, far earlier than has been disclosed, according to Republican congressional aides briefed by the IRS and the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration ­(TIGTA) on the details of their reviews.Then-Commissioner Douglas Shulman, a George W. Bush appointee who stepped down in November, received a briefing from the TIGTA about what was happening in the Cincinnati office in May 2012, the aides said. His deputy and the agency’s current acting commissioner, Steven T. Miller, also learned about the matter that month, the aides said.The officials did not share details with Republican lawmakers who had been demanding to know whether the IRS was targeting conservative groups, Republicans said.“I wrote to the IRS three times last year after hearing concerns that conservative groups were being targeted,” Sen. Orrin G. Hatch (Utah), the ranking Republican on the Senate Finance Committee, said in a statement Monday. “In response to the first letter I sent with some of my colleagues, Steven Miller, the current Acting IRS Commissioner, responded that these groups weren’t being targeted.”“Knowing what we know now,” he added, “the IRS was at best being far from forth coming, or at worst, being deliberately dishonest with Congress.”As new details emerged Monday, Democrats and Republicans alike decried the agency’s actions as an unacceptable abuse of power.In a news conference Monday, President Obama said he learned of the investigating in media reports on Friday and has “no patience with it.”“If in fact IRS personnel engaged in the kind of practices that have been reported on, and were intentionally targeting conservative groups, then that’s outrageous,” Obama said. “And there’s no place for it. And they have to be held fully accountable.”White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters Monday that the White House counsel’s office learned of an upcoming IRS inspector general’s report on April 22 as part of a routine notification but had not received access to the report.On Capitol Hill, two Senate panels — the Finance Committee and the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations — announced Monday that they will investigate. The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee and the Ways and Means Committee have been looking into reports of IRS attempts to single out organizations on the right for heightened scrutiny. Ways and Means has called IRS officials to testify Friday. “These actions by the IRS are an outrageous abuse of power and a breach of the public’s trust,” said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus (D-Mont.). “The IRS will now be the ones put under additional scrutiny.”Separately, Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and Rep. Mike Turner (R-Ohio) introduced companion bills Monday that would require the IRS to fire any employee found “willfully” violating “the constitutional rights of a taxpayer,” according to statements by both lawmakers. The bills also would make them criminally liable for their actions.Even as Obama vowed that his administration “will make sure that we find out exactly what happened on this,” however, the IRS offered no new information on how it selected which groups to single out for scrutiny. The White House is legally barred from contacting the IRS about a tax matter, under a prohibition adopted after the Watergate scandal. And although it can contact the Treasury Department about tax issues, neither Treasury nor the IRS can disclose specific taxpayer information. The IRS can release information about a petition for tax-exempt status only after it has been approved.Obama is not in a position to remove Lerner, a career official who can be terminated for cause only under normal civil service proceedings. The IRS has two political appointees: the commissioner, who serves a five-year term, and the chief counsel. As the IRS came under broader political attack Monday, more details surfaced on how the exempt-organizations division struggled to determine which nonprofits should receive “social welfare” status after the 2010 Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission ruling. That decision, which allowed corporations and unions to raise and spend un­limited amounts of money on elections, opened the door for groups to accept undisclosed contributions as long as their “primary purpose” was not politics. In a Jan. 9, 2012, letter to the Richmond Tea Party, IRS specialist Stephen Seok asked questions including “the names of the donors, contributors and grantors,” as well as the size of the contributions and grants, and when they were given. Richmond Tea Party President Larry Nordvig, whose group applied for tax-exempt status in December 2009 and received it in July 2012, said the extended inquiry had “a very chilling effect” on how much money the group could raise because its donors preferred anonymity. The Wetumpka Tea Party of Alabama experienced a two-year delay after submitting its initial application. Becky Gerritson, a 44-year-old stay-at-home mother and the group’s president, said the IRS sent a questionnaire asking for the names of all volunteers, donor identification and contribution amounts, the names of any legislators its members had communicated with directly or indirectly, and the contents of all speeches its members had made, among a long list of other details.“I was outraged,” Gerritson said. “Being an election year, I felt like it was intimidation.”The group did not provide the information. Approval came only after the group sought help from the American Center for Law and Justice, which threatened a lawsuit against the IRS, Gerritson said.Although some of the groups were explicitly labeled “tea party” or “patriot,” others that came under intense scrutiny were focused on challenging the Affordable Care Act — known by many as Obamacare — or the integrity of federal elections. In a June 3, 2011, letter to the IRS, Mitchell questioned the agency’s motivations for delaying recognition of one of her clients who had filed nearly two years earlier, writing, “Is the [group’s] opposition to Obamacare and the takeover of America’s healthcare system by the government the reason that this application has been held up and not approved?” Catherine Engelbrecht, president of the Houston-based True the Vote, first filed for tax-exempt status in July 2010. At one point, Engelbrecht — who is still awaiting a determination from the IRS regarding her voting rights organization and a separate tea party group, King Street Patriots — said an IRS employee informed her: “I’m just doing what Washington is telling me to do. I’m just asking what they want me to ask.”The IRS did not respond to requests for comment Monday.  Josh Hicks and Julie Tate contributed to this report. Discuss this topic and other political issues in the politics discussion forums. Welcome to Trayvongate, where the President of the United States used both the bully pulpit, the Department of Justice and sly media manipulation to gin up charges of racism in the George Zimmerman/Trayvon Martin shooting. Now that the trial is almost finished and the only act of racism mentioned so far came from the victim–Martin called Zimmerman ‘a creepy ass cracker’ according to testimony–the cynical and repeated use of the race card by the White house is even more abhorrent. Judicial Watch revealed documents today that proved what Breitbart News reported in April, 2012: that Eric Holder’s Department of Justice took an active role in racially charged rallies in Sanford, Florida and that the Community Relations Service helped force the temporary resignation of Sheriff Bill Lee. That resignation made it appear that Sanford authorities were suspect and possibly complicit in covering up something. Some of my reporting at the time was based on interviews with numerous public officials in Sanford who wanted to remain anonymous out of fear of retribution from the Obama administration. They described a situation where the CRS team took over and forced decisions while clearing a path for protests and rallies that heightened the appearence of racial tensions. The CRS is a small unit within the Department of Justice and ostensibly it serves a legitimate purpose; attempting to cool down tense situation. As its website says:The Community Relations Service is the Department’s “peacemaker” for community conflicts and tensions arising from differences of race, color, and national origin. Created by the Civil Rights Act of 1964, CRS is the only Federal agency dedicated to assist State and local units of government, private and public organizations, and community groups with preventing and resolving racial and ethnic tensions, incidents, and civil disorders, and in restoring racial stability and harmony.However, under the highly politicized Holder Department of Justice, the CRS has acted as ‘spies and muscle’ according to a source familiar with the unit. In the Zimmerman case, they ended up as doing nothing to facilitate ‘racial stability and harmony ‘, instead acting a heavy thumb on the scales of justice and helping to force events that gave the nation an impression that Martin’s death was racially motivated.Not just George Zimmerman, but the police and the entire town were targeted in rallies that saw people being bused-in for protests. We now have proof via the Judicial Watch release that these rallies were facilitated by the Obama administration. They were also highly racially charged. Close Obama ally Al Sharpton, along with Jesse Jackson, led the charge. As CBS Miami reported: “We live in the middle of an American paradox,” Rev. Sharpton told the crowd. “We can put a black man in the White House but we cannot walk a black child through a gated neighborhood. We are not selling out, bowing out or backing down until there is justice for Trayvon.”“This is not about a hoodie, it’s about racial profiling,” Jackson said. “We will use our marching feet, civil disobedience and every weapon in our non-violent arsenal until justice is served.”However, much of the rhetoric surrounding the Zimmerman story was violent. Many will remember that the New Black Panther party actually offered a $10,000 bounty for the ‘capture’ of George Zimmerman. As the Orlando Sentinal reported:New Black Panther leader Mikhail Muhammad announced the reward during a protest in Sanford Saturday. And when asked whether he was inciting violence, Muhammad replied defiantly: “An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.”The bounty announcement came moments after members of the group called for the mobilization of 10,000 black men to capture Zimmerman, who shot Trayvon in a gated Sanford community on Feb. 26.Muhammad said members of his group would search for Zimmerman themselves in Maitland — where the 28-year old worked before the shooting, employees there told the Orlando Sentinel. He declined to say when the group would begin their search.J. Christian Adams knows the New Black Panther Party well; he resigned his position at the DOJ over the refusal to prosecute the Panthers for the now infamous Philadephia voter intimidation actions during the 2008 election. Adams outlined the crimes committed by the NBPP in Sanford:Let’s start with solicitation to kidnap.  In announcing a reward for the seizure of Zimmerman, the New Black Panthers may have violated Florida Code 787.01.  It makes it a felony to “by threat, confining or abducting, or imprisoning another person against his . . .  will without lawful authority with intent to . .  . terrorize.”Merely soliciting someone else to do this is also a felony in Florida under Florida Code 777.04.  “A person who solicits another to commit an offense prohibited by law and in the course of such solicitation commands, encourages, hires, or requests another person to engage in specific conduct which would constitute such offense or an attempt to commit such offense commits the offense of criminal solicitation.”That’s only part of the list. The New Black Panther’s outrageous, illegal call for vigilante justice happened on March 24th. According the records obtained by Judicial Watch, the Department of Justice deployed to Sanford the next day: March 25th, 2012. However, the DOJ did not go to Sanford to make arrests against the New Black Panthers. Instead, according the the written record, obtained by Judicial Watch, they “deployed to Sanford, FL, to work marches, demonstrations, and rallies related to the shooting and death of an African-American teen by a neighborhood watch captain.” Once again, the Holder Department of Justice failed to prosecute the New Black Panther Party. They actually helped facilitate mass rallies against Zimmerman and the City of Sanford. These actions are made even more scandalous by the direct insertion of the President of the United States into the story. President Obama made his famous “If I had a son, he’d look like Trayvon” remark at the White House, but what got considerably less press was the fact that Obama had a prior relationship with Martin’s attorney Benjamin Crump. Obama worked with him on another racially charged case when he was a Senator. Breitbart News reported on the Obama connection to the 2006 story of Martin Lee Anderson. Attorney Crump said publicly that he was following the same media ‘playbook’ as the Anderson case. Tactics included using a photo of Anderson as a child, the same way the media used the Crump-supplied photo of Trayvon Martin as child. This story from 2006 shows the involvement of Senator Obama (who did not end up appearing at the rally), Sharpton and Jackson as well as other usual suspects from the far left.A rally will be taking place in Tallahassee Friday, April 21 regarding the ongoing investigation into the death of 14-year-old Martin Lee Anderson. Anderson died Jan. 6 at a Panhandle boot camp after being kneed and punched by Bay County Sheriff’s boot camp guards.Students from Florida State University, Tallahassee Community College and Florida A&M University have been involved in the planning and organization of the event at which Rev. Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton will be making appearances.Charlie and Martin Sheen, who donated $10,000 to the cause, are also reportedly planning to attend Friday, along with former TLC member Tionne “T-Boz” Watkins and Afeni Shakur, mother of the murdered rapper Tupac Shakur. According Samantha Greer, an FSU student and volunteer for the Coalition for Justice for Martin Lee Anderson, Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois may also make an appearance. Greer stressed that the Coalition is still looking for volunteers and that anyone is welcome to join the cause.What we saw in 2012 was the Obama administration using taxpayer resources to ratchet up racial tensions in a local crime case and literally creating key story points in the narrative, such as forcing the sheriff to temporarily resign. At the same time, the President himself made an emotional statement about the victim with direct reference to his race, without revealing that he had worked with the victim’s attorney a few years earlier in a similar case. At the same time, Obama media ally (and Sharpton employer) NBC outrageously edited the Zimmerman audio to make Zimmerman appear racist. All these manipulative and deceptive uses of the race card–pushed along by the Holder DOJ at taxpayer expense–happened just months before the 2012 presidential election. The only reason this isn’t a major scandal already is the media hasn’t ever done its job and declared it one. PoliticsGeorge ZimmermanTrayvon MartinWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWASHINGTON (AP) — The Internal Revenue Service has refused to provide documents over the past two years to a congressional panel exploring whether the agency gave tougher scrutiny to tea party and other conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status, a leading Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee said Friday.Rep. Charles Boustany Jr., R-La., spoke minutes before the committee was holding Congress' first hearing on the IRS's targeting of conservatives."We've asked for documents for two years now, and all we've gotten is stonewalling from the IRS," Boustany, who heads the Ways and Means oversight subcommittee, said on C-SPAN television."We need specific information about who made these decisions, why were these decisions made, why wasn't there proper oversight, what was the chain of command and who knew what," Boustany said, previewing questions lawmakers planned to pursue.With the scandal joining a parade of political troubles buffeting President Barack Obama, the committee planned to question the agency's ousted chief, Steven Miller, on Friday.Miller, acting director until he resigned Wednesday, seems sure to get a hostile reception. Members of both parties have spent the past week bitterly chastising the agency for abandoning its charge of making nonpolitical decisions about which groups should qualify for tax-exempt status, which makes it easier for them to collect contributions from donors.Lawmakers have said that even though they asked the IRS repeatedly about complaints from conservative groups that their applications were being treated unfairly, the agency — including Miller — never told them the groups were being targeted. They said this continued even after May 2012, when the agency says Miller was briefed on the practice. Miller was previously a deputy commissioner whose portfolio included the unit that made decisions about tax-exempt status.Also to testify Friday was J. Russell George, the Treasury Department's inspector general for tax administration.A report George issued this week concluded that the IRS office in Cincinnati, which screened applications for the tax exemptions, improperly singled out tea party and other conservative groups for tougher treatment. The report says the practice began in March 2010 and lasted more than 18 months.Republicans have spent the past few days trying to link the IRS' improper scrutiny of conservatives to Obama. The president has said he didn't know about the targeting until last Friday, when Lois Lerner, who heads the IRS division that oversees tax-exempt groups, acknowledged at a legal conference that conservative groups had been singled out. She said it was wrong and apologized."I promise you this, that the minute I found out about it, then my main focus was making sure that we get the thing fixed," Obama said Thursday.Even so, less than four months into his second term, the president has been on the defensive for the IRS controversy, along with questions about last September's attack in Benghazi, Libya, that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans, and the government's seizure of The Associated Press' telephone records as part of a leaks investigation.In one of the latest GOP attacks, Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, wrote Obama on Thursday asking whether the White House or Treasury Department pressured the IRS on the treatment of conservative groups. In the letter, Portman accused the administration of "policies that threaten to chill disfavored political speech."The inspector general's report said all IRS officials questioned said their actions "were not influenced by any individual or organization outside the IRS."The report blamed "ineffective management" for letting IRS officials craft "inappropriate criteria" to review applications from tea party and other conservative groups, based on their names or political views. It found that the IRS took no action on many of the conservative groups' applications for tax-exempt status for long periods of time, hindering their fundraising for the 2010 and 2012 elections.Many of the groups were applying for tax-exempt status as social welfare organizations, which are allowed to participate in campaign activity if that is not their primary activity. The IRS judges whether that imprecise standard is met.Friday's hearing was just the start of Congress' probe of the IRS' actions, with the Senate Finance and House Oversight committees planning hearings next week.In addition, Attorney General Eric Holder has said the FBI was investigating whether the IRS may have violated applicants' civil rights.Obama has rejected the idea of naming a special prosecutor to investigate the episode, saying Thursday that the probes by Congress and the Justice Department would get to the bottom of who was responsible.Obama has named Daniel Werfel, a top White House budget officer, to replace Miller.Also Thursday, Joseph Grant, one of Miller's top deputies, announced plans to retire June 3, according to an internal IRS memo. Grant is commissioner of the agency's tax exempt and government entities division, which includes the agents that targeted tea party groups for additional scrutiny.Grant joined the IRS in 2005 and took over as acting commissioner of the tax exempt and government entities division in December 2010. He was just named the permanent commissioner May 8.When asked whether Grant was pressured to leave, IRS spokeswoman Michelle Eldridge said Grant had more than 31 years of federal service and it was his personal decision to leave.Before he joined the IRS, Grant was a top official at the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.Grant's predecessor at the IRS was Sarah Hall Ingram, who is now director of the agency's Affordable Care Act Office. Ingram was in charge of the tax exempt division when IRS agents first started targeting conservative groups.The IRS said Ingram was assigned to help the agency implement the health care law in December 2010, about six months before the Treasury inspector general's report said her subordinate, the director of exempt organizations, learned about the targeting.The COVID vaccination site at Hialeah’s Babcock Park, a four-day pop-up site that opened last Wednesday, has had its run extended by at least one day.(Reuters) -The U.S. Supreme Court handed Alphabet Inc's Google a major victory on Monday, ruling that its use of Oracle Corp's software code to build the Android operating system that runs most of the world's smartphones did not violate federal copyright law.  In a 6-2 decision, the justices overturned a lower court's ruling that Google's inclusion of Oracle's software code in Android did not constitute a fair use under U.S. copyright law.Two reports from the CDC confirm most patients who died of COVID-19 in 2020 had other health problems and people of color were more likely to die.Former White House press secretary joins 'Justice with Judge Jeanine' with reactionJordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks rallied on Monday with the Dow and S&P 500 closing at record levels, as a round of strong economic data buoyed investor optimism for the economic reopening and a muted climb in the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield kept inflation worries in check.  An ISM survey for March showed a measure of U.S. services industry activity jumped to a record high.  The data followed Friday's report showing U.S. nonfarm payrolls surged by 916,000 jobs in March, trouncing forecasts.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.As the nation’s top law enforcement official, Eric Holder is privy to all kinds of sensitive information. But he seems to be proud of how little he knows. Why didn’t his Justice Department inform the Associated Press, as the law requires, before pawing through reporters’ phone records?“I do not know,” the attorney general told the House Judiciary Committee on Wednesday afternoon, “why that was or was not done. I simply don’t have a factual basis to answer that question.”Why didn’t the DOJ seek the AP’s cooperation, as the law also requires, before issuing subpoenas?“I don’t know what happened there,” Holder replied. “I was recused from the case.”Why, asked the committee’s chairman, Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.), was the whole matter handled in a manner that appears “contrary to the law and standard procedure”?“I don’t have a factual basis to answer the questions that you have asked, because I was recused,” the attorney general said.On and on Holder went: “I don’t know. I don’t know. . . . I would not want to reveal what I know. . . . I don’t know why that didn’t happen. . . . I know nothing, so I’m not in a position really to answer.”Holder seemed to regard this ignorance as a shield protecting him and the Justice Department from all criticism of the Obama administration’s assault on press freedoms. But his claim that his “recusal” from the case exempted him from all discussion of the matter didn’t fly with Republicans or Democrats on the committee, who justifiably saw his recusal as more of an abdication. “There doesn’t seem to be any acceptance of responsibility in the Justice Department for things that have gone wrong,” said Rep. James Sensenbrenner (R-Wis.), after Holder placed the AP matter in the lap of his deputy. “We don’t know where the buck stops.”The best Holder could do was offer an “after-action analysis” of the matter and pledge the administration’s renewed support for a media shield law (the same proposed law the Obama administration undermined three years ago). But that does nothing to reverse the damage the administration has already done with its wholesale snooping into reporters’ phone records and its unprecedented number of leak prosecutions.“I realize there are exceptions and that you have recused yourself, but it seems to me clear that the actions of the department have, in fact, impaired the First Amendment,” Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.) told Holder. “Reporters who might have previously believed that a confidential source would speak to them would no longer have that level of confidence, because those confidential sources are now going to be chilled in their relationship with the press.”In a sense, the two topics that dogged Holder most on Wednesday — the AP phone records and the IRS’s targeting of conservative groups — were one and the same. In both cases, Americans are being punished and intimidated for exercising their right of free expression — by the taxing authorities, in the conservatives’ case, and by federal prosecutors, in the reporters’ case. But Holder cared so little about those two issues that he said not a peep about either the IRS or the AP in his opening statement. When he was questioned about the AP case, his first response was to suggest the criticism of him was political. “I mean, there’s been a lot of criticism,” Holder said. “In fact, the head of the RNC called for my resignation, in spite of the fact that I was not the person involved in that decision.”Republicans on the House committee had voted previously to hold Holder in contempt of Congress, and Holder made clear the feeling was mutual; he informed Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) that his line of questioning was “too consistent with the way in which you conduct yourself as a member of Congress. It’s unacceptable, and it’s shameful.” Some of the Republicans provided Holder justification for his disdain. Rep. Louie Gohmert (R-Tex.), defying the chairman’s gavel, shouted a stream of exotic accusations at Holder, closing with the complaint that Holder was casting “aspersions on my asparagus.”But there would be more sympathy, and support, for Holder if he took seriously the lawmakers’ legitimate questions about his department’s abuse of power in the AP case. He may have recused himself from the leak probe that led to the searches of reporters’ phone records (a decision he took so lightly that he didn’t put it in writing), but he isn’t recused from defending the First Amendment. Didn’t the deputy attorney general who approved the subpoenas have the same potential conflict of interest that Holder claimed? “I don’t know.”When did Holder recuse himself? “I’m not sure.”How much time was spent exploring alternatives to the subpoenas?“I don’t know, because, as I said, I recused myself.”But when the Justice Department undermines the Constitution, recusal is no excuse. Twitter: @Milbank  Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.  Read more:   Greg Sargent: When Washington turns on a president  Dana Milbank: President Passerby  Richard Cohen: Republicans’ Benghazi syndrome  George Will: In IRS scandal, echoes of Watergate We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.This administration’s management of the Obama Internal Revenue Service scandal so far consists of a slow-walking, rolling disclosure of facts; equal parts equivocation, amnesia and indignation from IRS witnesses; deer-in-the-headlights non-responses by the White House press secretary; parsed, lawyerly statements from the president himself; and now one of the central key players is taking the Fifth. And all this comes from what the president claimed would be the “most transparent administration ever…”If we give the president the benefit of the doubt and assume he knows the truth is going to come out, the question remains: Does the administration appoint the special prosecutor sooner or later? The calculus inside the White House is how to best protect the president’s political interests. They have two options. They could delay the appointment and let more of the story develop, weather the ugly piecemeal disclosures, give the players time to get their stories straight and lawyer-up and hope Republicans continue their overreach, giving the whole affair a nutty partisan patina. Or, they could accelerate the appointment of a special prosecutor, thereby slowing the congressional inquiries and giving Jay Carney some relief from his daily embarrassing routine by supplying him with the escape hatch of not being allowed to comment on matters associated with the special prosecutor’s ongoing investigation. Not to mention, the White House all the while could blast the appointed counsel as a partisan ideologue à la the hatchet job that was done on Ken Starr.Anyway, if the president is innocent, he will end up needing and wanting a special prosecutor sooner rather than later. If he and his White House already have too much to hide, then they must clam up, cry partisanship and hope their allies on the Hill and in the media have the stamina for the long, hard slog ahead.– – – – –My personal favorite of all the new revelations from the Obama IRS scandal is that White House Counsel Kathryn Ruemmler told White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough about the impending IRS inspector general report, but of course the White House chief of staff did not tell the president.I sat in a White House chief of staff’s office every day for more than two years. The only reason the legal counsel would tell the chief of staff about an impending report or disclosure would be so the chief of staff could tell the president. The legal counsel would assume the chief of staff would know how and when to bring up the matter. The chief of staff would be expected to know if there were additional factors surrounding the issue that needed to be considered before the president was told, or whether or not others needed to be included in the conversation when the information was shared with the president. There are many valid reasons why the chief of staff would tell the president, but I can’t think of a reason why he and the legal counsel would both agree that this news nugget would go no further. It’s very odd.The legal counsel would never assume that information shared with the chief of staff would not go to the president. In my experience, a legal counsel never would believe that there was information that was appropriate for the chief of staff to know but that was inappropriate for the president to know. Out of all the news that has emerged regarding the Obama IRS scandal, this is the most curious whopper I’ve heard so far. I can’t wait to hear the real story.Read more on the Obama scandals from The Washington Post:Jennifer Rubin: Benghazi polls spell trouble for ObamaDana Milbank: Obama’s flagrant assault on civil libertiesGreg Sargent: The IRS’s Lois Lerner has to goErik Wemple: Former New York Times lawyer: Obama will be worse than Nixon on press freedomCharles Krauthammer: The truth, redactedView Photo Gallery —A collection of cartoons of the president.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyWASHINGTON — An internal Justice Department review of its voting rights section found career attorneys engaged in political and ideological warfare featuring racially charged Internet postings, e-mails and personal attacks.The 258-page review by Justice Department Inspector General Michael Horowitz, spanning the George W. Bush and Obama administrations, described a highly dysfunctional culture within the agency's Civil Rights Division that "contributed to the appearance of politicization" involving the division's enforcement decisions.However, investigators determined that there was "insufficient evidence to conclude" that key decisions involving voting cases were based on race or partisan considerations.More than two years in the making, the report comes as Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez, chief of the agency's Civil Rights Division, is a likely nominee for Labor secretary.Perez's conduct was not seriously faulted. His confirmation in 2009 came after key decisions were made about the handling of a voter intimidation case against members of the New Black Panther Party (NBPP) in Philadelphia.That case focused on the actions of two black men, one of whom carried a nightstick outside a polling place on Election Day 2008. The bulk of the case, which included the New Black Panther Party chairman and the party organization, was dismissed during the Obama administration, prompting Republican lawmakers to call for the review."Critics of the decisions made in the NBPP case have alleged that the decision to dismiss … reflected hostility in the current administration to enforcing the voting rights laws on behalf of white victims or against black defendants," Horowitz said in the report. "We did not find sufficient evidence to conclude that (Justice officials) who approved the decision were so motivated."The report did document a "disappointing lack of professionalism by some department employees over an extended period of time." Investigators found a series of Internet postings by employees using pseudonyms that "contained heated political and even racist commentary.""One used the expression 'po' Niggrahs' in describing a manager's attitude toward blacks," according to the report, which did not identify the employee. In another posting, an unidentified employee described the likely neighborhood of a conservative career attorney colleague as a place where "everyone wears a white sheet, the darkies say 'yes'm' and equal rights for all are the real land of make believe."In a written response, Perez said steps have been taken to improve the "atmosphere and professional culture within the voting rights section during the past several years.""The voting section is a far different place in 2013 than it was in 2005 or 2007," Perez said. "Nonetheless, we acknowledge … that voting rights enforcement is a particularly important area in which to assure professionalism and integrity."Rep. Frank Wolf, R-Va., one of the lawmakers who called for the review, said he was "deeply troubled" by the report's findings."The report makes clear that the division has become a rat's nest of unacceptable and unprofessional actions," Wolf said.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.In the released email, the names of the sender as well as the recipient have been redacted, but both are described as “career DHS officials.” The text of the email also refers to a person called “D1,” which Senator Grassley’s office believes is US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) director Alejandro Mayorkas. President Obama nominated Mayorkas to become Deputy Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security on June 27. Mr. Mayorkas testified before a Senate committee holding hearings on his nomination on July 25. The hearings were attended by only Democrats. Republicans did not participate because Mr. Mayorkas is the subject of an investigation by the Department of Homeland Security’s Inspector General’s Office.The email, dated April 12, 2013, is from a “Senior USCIS Career Official” and is sent to “USCIS Career Officials.” It reads as follows:We absolutely gave special treatment to GreenTech at the directive of D1. D1 was working directly with the RC’s [EB-5 Regional Center] atty, [name redacted]. Additionally, I would call a wholesale rewrite of the AAO’s [Administrative Appeals Office] decision by the front office special treatment. Look at the first draft in the attached email and the final version, attached.Senator Grassley asked Mr. Mayorkas about an apparent inconsistency between this email and his earlier testimony in a letter he sent to Mr. Mayorkas on Thursday. Grassley wrote to Mayorkas that “you testified [on July 25]: ‘I have never ever in my career exercised undue influence to influence the outcome of a case.'” Grassley noted in his letter to Mayorkas that “D1 [mentioned in the April 12, 2013 email] is an apparent reference to you.” Grassley then cited Mayorkas’ testimony to the Senate committee on July 25:Several documents call into question some of the statements you made regarding preferential treatment in your testimony at last Thursday’s hearing. For example, you were asked in the hearing about communications with Terry McAuliffe with respect to Gulf Coast Funds Management. You testified: “I was asked to attend a meeting with Mr. McAuliffe so that I could hear in person his complaints… two years ago… I heard those complaints, and that was the extent of the interaction… I moved on with my work.” (Emphasis included in Grassley letter)But, Grassley wrote, “Contrary to the impression left by your answer, documents indicate that both before and after that meeting, you actually engaged in nearly a dozen contacts with Gulf Coast Funds Management between 2010 and 2013, including direct communications with Gulf Coast’s attorneys.” Grassley concluded, “That one meeting with Mr. McAuliffe was clearly not the extent of your interaction on that matter.”The EB-5 foreign national investor program has come under intense scrutiny over the past several years. Under the program, enacted into law in 1990, foreign nationals may obtain temporary and permanent green card resident visas in return for investing a minimum of $500,000 in an American company.The possibility that foreign nationals who have invested in GreenTech Automotive have been granted temporary green card visas due to the political influence of the principals involved is a key issue currently under investigation by the Department of Homeland Security’s Inspector General’s Office. Terry McAuliffe, who was chairman of GreenTech Automotive during the period when political influence may have played a role in the granting of visas, is a friend and chief fundraiser for former President Bill Clinton. Anthony Rodham, brother of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, is the President and CEO of Gulf Coast Funds Management, which the Department of Homeland Security designated the EB-5 Regional Center that works exclusively with GreenTech Automotive to help secure green card visas for its EB-5 investors.Grassley’s letter to Mayorkas was one of two stories about GreenTech Automotive that made headlines on Friday. In a related story, GreenTech Automotive confirmed to Breitbart News on Friday that it has received a subpoena from the Securities and Exchange Commission to produce company documents. According to the Washington Post, those documents were subpoenaed as evidence in the SEC’s investigation into claims made by GreenTech Automotive to its investors.PoliticsHomeland SecuritySenateTerry McAuliffe.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartObama administration officials have faced sharp questions from Capitol Hill lawmakers about the US government's surveillance programmes.The House judiciary committee questioned why it was necessary to build a database of phone records.Deputy Attorney General James Cole told the hearing that the programme protected citizens' privacy and safety.Revelations about US spying on internet and phone data were disclosed last month by an intelligence contractor.Edward Snowden - who had worked for the National Security Agency (NSA), the US electronic spying organisation - has spent the last three weeks in a transit area of a Moscow airport, seeking asylum.Separately, Senator Lindsey Graham called for American athletes to boycott the 2014 Winter Olympics in the Russian town of Sochi if Mr Snowden were to be granted asylum there. But the US Olympic Committee swiftly rejected the idea.Wednesday's hearing in Washington DC was one of the most searching on US government surveillance since the 9/11 attacks, correspondents say.Questioning became heated as congressmen said the scope of the snooping made it vulnerable to government abuse. Randy Forbes, a Virginia Republican, said: "That's exactly what the American people are worried about."That's what's infuriating the American people. They're understanding that if you collect that amount of data, people can get access to it in ways that can harm them."But Robert Litt, the general counsel for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, said Congress already knew about the government's security policy."When it comes to telephone calls, every member of Congress has been briefed on this programme," Mr Litt told the panel.The deputy attorney general argued that the government had to build its own database of phone records because the telecommunications firms did not keep them for long enough.But Wisconsin Republican James Sensenbrenner - one of the original sponsors of the Patriot Act, under which the NSA programme was authorised - threatened that the law might not be approved again in 2015."Unless you realise you've got a problem," Mr Sensenbrenner said, "that is not going to be renewed."Representative Ted Poe, a Texas Republican, said that without the leaks by Mr Snowden many lawmakers would not have known how far the NSA programme reached."Snowden, I don't like him at all, but we would never have known what happened if he hadn't told us," Mr Poe said.The Patriot Act was passed by Congress in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, granting sweeping security powers to the government. It was renewed in 2005 and 2010. The House judiciary committee is responsible for oversight of the surveillance laws underlying the NSA programme.Police chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'9Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.WASHINGTON — When it comes to dealing with the sticky issue of race in America, President Obama has found that leading from behind might not be such a bad idea.He was pilloried by critics on the right early in his presidency when he said a Cambridge, Mass., police officer "acted stupidly" when he arrested the black Harvard University scholar Henry Louis Gates Jr. as he struggled to open the door of his home in a predominantly white neighborhood.And Obama raised eyebrows, when he remarked after Trayvon Martin's death last year that "if I had a son, he'd look like Trayvon."So, it's no surprise that he took a cautious approach as he weighed in for the first time since a Florida jury found George Zimmerman not guilty in the death of Trayvon.In a surprise appearance before reporters six days after the verdict, Obama spoke eloquently about Trayvon's family showing grace in the aftermath of the verdict, and he reiterated his understanding of the pain the African-American community feels over the outcome of the trial and the larger problem of racial profiling.And Obama again connected himself directly to the teenager when he observed that he could have been Trayvon 35 years ago.But the president, despite the historic nature of his presidency, also made clear that he's not the best person to be leading a difficult conversation about race.Instead, he argued that the larger discussion of race belongs not with lawmakers in Washington but in living rooms, houses of worship and workplaces.In such settings, Obama posited, "There's the possibility that people are a little bit more honest, and at least you ask yourself your own questions about, am I wringing as much bias out of myself as I can?"The president rightfully noted that as a nation we've made progress in our dialogue on race. But, as he also made clear, we're hardly in a post-racial era.Obama, who has long contended with a portion of America's views about his "other-ness," seems to have realized that a president – even an African-American one – can sometimes serve the public dialogue on race best by merely participating in the conversation rather than directing it.AdvertisementSupported byEditorialBy The Editorial BoardAppearing before Planned Parenthood’s annual convention last Friday, President Obama pledged his continuing support for women’s reproductive rights. In a speech before the National Academy of Sciences on Monday, Mr. Obama promised to keep science a sphere “not subject to politics” or “skewed by an agenda.” On Wednesday, his administration betrayed both reproductive rights and science. The Justice Department announced that it would appeal a federal court ruling that would make morning-after pills available without a prescription for girls and women of all ages.In 2011, the secretary of health and human services, Kathleen Sebelius, overruled the Food and Drug Administration, which had decided, based on scientific evidence, that the pills would be safe and appropriate “for all females of child-bearing potential.” Ms. Sebelius arbitrarily determined that only women 17 and older should have access to the drug. Then, last month, citing the political nature of Ms. Sebelius’s intervention and finding no “coherent justification” for it, Judge Edward Korman of United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York ordered the F.D.A. to make emergency contraceptives available over the counter to all women, with no age restrictions.The move to appeal the court ruling came just a day after the F.D.A. staked out a new position, setting the age restriction on nonprescription access to the most well-known brand of emergency contraception — Plan B One-Step — at 15 years old and telling pharmacies to stock the product on display shelves rather than behind the counter. It also said purchasers would have to prove their age by showing a driver’s license, birth certificate, passport or other official form of identification.The compromise guidelines are a step in the right direction but still inadequate. There is no good reason to limit the product to those 15 and older. And the ID requirement represents a significant barrier for a time-sensitive drug. Many teenagers don’t have any kind of ID.The administration’s continued stubbornness may please some conservative groups critical of the president. But it will hurt girls and women and is bound to undermine Mr. Obama’s credibility when he calls for principled, evidence-based policy-making on other issues, like global warming.The Justice Department’s legal argument, moreover, is incoherent. In court documents, it claims that Judge Korman’s order improperly interferes with the F.D.A.’s “scientific judgments” pertaining to the drug approval process. But it was Ms. Sebelius’s interference with science that sparked Judge Korman’s ruling in the first place.Lack of access to safe contraception will not stop adolescents from having sex. Girls who have sex should not be punished with unintended pregnancies.AdvertisementWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartWith all the excitement over Syria last week -- we went from "Assad is Hitler" to "we have achieved peace in our time" almost overnight! -- you may have missed another big story. The IRS scandal, which has slumbered over the summer as Congress has been in recess, seems to be waking up.It has now been over four months since the IRS admitted it was targeting conservative groups in the run-up to the 2012 election. The chief IRS official in charge of Exempt Organizations, Lois Lerner, has "taken the Fifth" -- invoking her right against self-incrimination in order to avoid testifying before Congress on what went on. Nonetheless, President Obama -- who himself "joked" about auditing his enemies -- has lumped the IRS misconduct in with what he calls "phony scandals."But new emails have come out that make the IRS scandal look anything but phony. Emails recovered by the House Ways and Means Committee demonstrate that the targeting of Tea Party groups -- and of voter-integrity groups -- was orchestrated from the top of the agency. Rather than being conducted by a few rogue employees in the Cincinnati office of the IRS, the Tea Party targeting was regarded by Lerner as something "very dangerous" politically, and she observed that "Cincy should probably NOT have these cases."The emails also reveal Lerner's concerns that the Democrats might lose their Senate majority, and her hopes that the Federal Election Commission might "save the day" by interfering with right-leaning grassroots activity. The IRS also shared information with the FEC, something not permitted by statute, raising questions about just how politicized both agencies were.An editorial in Investor's Business Dailyobserves:"Like the Internet video the Benghazi terrorist attack was blamed on, the only thing phony about the IRS scandal is the administration's cover story that a couple of rogue agents in the Cincinnati office concocted and executed this most blatant abuse of power by the most powerful and feared agency of government. Lerner's email further blows out of the water that discredited fiction. It also confirms a suspected reason for the planned intimidation and hamstringing of conservative opposition to the Obama administration's policies, saying that those Tea Party group applications for tax-exempt status could end up being the 'vehicle to go to court' to get more clarity on the 2010 Supreme Court ruling on campaign finance rules."That's right, and that's just another reason why we need to get to the bottom of the IRS scandal, which isn't the least bit "phony." It seems to me that there are two possible problems here. One is that this came from the Obama White House. The other is that the -- overwhelmingly Democratic -- career civil service at the IRS didn't need White House instructions to go after Tea Party groups it saw as enemies.The first possibility is bad enough, but is presumably remediable with stricter rules. The second possibility, however, calls into question the possibility of a nonpartisan career civil service, and certainly the possibility of fair administration for something as complex, and involving as many discretionary decisions, as the Internal Revenue Code. Worse yet, given that overwhelming partisan identification with Democrats pervades the civil service as a whole, it calls into question the very possibility of a nonpartisan and politically neutral civil service.I'm not ready to call for a return to the "spoils system," but the fully politicized federal bureaucracy of our nation's first century or so did have two advantages: First, presidents couldn't hide behind the bureaucracy, as they were presumed responsible for the actions of government bureaus staffed with their supporters; and second, politicians were less inclined to trust the bureaucracy with enormous and discretionary power when they knew that it would sometimes be staffed by their political adversaries.At any rate, it all boils down to trust. One reason for the resonance of not only the IRS scandals but also the NSA scandal, the Benghazi scandal, Fast and Furious, and so on is that fewer Americans than ever trust the federal government. It's a mess that needs to be cleaned up, and denying that the mess exists only exacerbates the lack of trust.It's doubtful that Eric Holder's Justice Department -- which is even more partisan and politicized than the IRS -- will clean this mess up. Nor is Holder likely to appoint a special prosecutor. So it's up to congressional investigators to get to the bottom of it. Stay tuned.Glenn Harlan Reynolds is professor of law at the University of Tennessee and the author of The New School: How the Information Age Will Save American Education from Itself. He blogs atInstaPundit.com.In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinionsfrom outside writers, including ourBoard of Contributors. To read more columns like this, go to the opinion front page or follow us on twitter @USATopinion or Facebook.How often do the mainstream media misinform or outright lie? How many of them apologize or correct the record for the misinformation and lies? How often do they research and correct the political points they were forced to air from politicians and political operatives?Currently the mainstream media are scolding the Obama administration for lack of access and for using other types of media (social media and local media) to get their information out directly. They insinuate the behavior is tantamount to state run media.Maybe if the mainstream media behaved as Jon Stewart in the video below, the administration would be less reticent. It is refreshing to watch Stewart who realizes that inasmuch as he is a satirist, he should apologize and correct the record when he wrongly maligns someone.Last week he did a skit on Mississippi taking 148 years to ratify the 13th amendment, the amendment that abolished slavery. He implied that the former Mississippi secretary of state Dick Molpus, who presided over a 1995 attempt to ratify the 13th amendment, may have been a casual bigot. It turned outWhat is telling is no one called the Jon Stewart show to ask him to correct the record. He did it out of duty. One can only hope that in the long run the mainstream media will be forced to act accordingly. They have yet to apologize for all the misinformation that they have put out from the buildup to the war in Iraq to the misinformation about the Affordable Care Act. They could learn a bit from Stewart.VIDEO HERE
LIKE My Facebook Page – Visit My Blog: EgbertoWillies.com
Follow @EgbertoWilliesSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News In partnership with KING 5 Seattle, an NBC News investigation raised questions about Dr. Elizabeth Woods’ truthfulness as a child abuse expert. Prosecutors are now reviewing cases she worked on.The activity at Yongbyon lab follows a series of short-range missile tests by North Korea, apparently aimed at ratcheting up pressure on the U.S. and South Korea.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALThe Pentagon has released a statement confirming that soldiers could be prosecuted for promoting their faith: “Religious proselytization is not permitted within the Department of Defense…Court martials and non-judicial punishments are decided on a case-by-case basis…”. The statement, released to Fox News, follows a Breitbart News report on Obama administration Pentagon appointees meeting with anti-Christian extremist Mikey Weinstein to develop court-martial procedures to punish Christians in the military who express or share their faith. (From our earlier report: Weinstein is the head of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation, and says Christians–including chaplains–sharing the gospel of Jesus Christ in the military are guilty of “treason,” and of committing an act of “spiritual rape” as serious a crime as “sexual assault.” He also asserted that Christians sharing their faith in the military are “enemies of the Constitution.”)Being convicted in a court martial means that a soldier has committed a crime under federal military law. Punishment for a court martial can include imprisonment and being dishonorably discharged from the military. So President Barack Obama’s civilian appointees who lead the Pentagon are confirming that the military will make it a crime–possibly resulting in imprisonment–for those in uniform to share their faith. This would include chaplains–military officers who are ordained clergymen of their faith (mostly Christian pastors or priests, or Jewish rabbis)–whose duty since the founding of the U.S. military under George Washington is to teach their faith and minister to the spiritual needs of troops who come to them for counsel, instruction, or comfort.This regulation would severely limit expressions of faith in the military, even on a one-to-one basis between close friends. It could also effectively abolish the position of chaplain in the military, as it would not allow chaplains (or any service members, for that matter), to say anything about their faith that others say led them to think they were being encouraged to make faith part of their life. It’s difficult to imagine how a member of the clergy could give spiritual counseling without saying anything that might be perceived in that fashion. In response to the Pentagon’s plans, retired Lt. Gen. Jerry Boykin, who is now executive vice president of the Family Research Council (FRC), said on Fox & Friends Wednesday morning: It’s a matter of what do they mean by “proselytizing.” …I think they’ve got their defintions a little confused. If you’re talking about coercion that’s one thing, but if you’re talking about the free exercise of our faith as individual soldiers, sailors, airmen and marines, especially for the chaplains, they I think the worst thing we can do is stop the ability for a soldier to be able to exercise his faith.”FRC has launched a petition here which has already collected over 60,000 signatures, calling on Secretary Hagel is stop working with Weinstein and his anti-Christian organization to develop military policy regarding religious faith. **UPDATE**The FRC petition has now exceeded more than 40,000 signatures at the time of this update.Breitbart News legal columnist Ken Klukowski is senior fellow for religious liberty with the Family Research Council and on faculty at Liberty University School of Law.  National SecurityCrimeFOXFox News.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.First lady Michelle Obama experienced a rare face-to-face encounter with a protester late Tuesday – approaching the activist and threatening to leave a fundraiser if the person did not stop interrupting her speech.Obama was addressing a Democratic Party fundraiser in a private Kalorama home in Northwest Washington when Ellen Sturtz, 56, a lesbian activist, interrupted her remarks to demand that President Obama sign an anti-discrimination executive order.Obama showed her displeasure – pausing to confront Sturtz eye to eye, according to witnesses.“One of the things that I don’t do well is this,” she said to applause from most of the guests, according to a White House transcript. “Do you understand?”A pool report from a reporter in the room said Obama “left the lectern and moved over to the protester.” The pool report quoted Obama as saying: “Listen to me or you can take the mic, but I'm leaving. You all decide. You have one choice."Obama’s suggestion that she would leave was not included in the official White House transcript.The audience responded by asking Obama to remain, according to the pool report, which quoted a woman nearby telling Sturtz, “You need to go.”Sturtz was escorted out of the room. She said in an interview later she was stunned by Obama’s response.“She came right down in my face,” Sturtz said. “I was taken aback.”Sturtz said she told Obama she was happy to take the microphone to plead her case, which, Sturtz said, appeared to fluster the first lady.“I said I want your husband to sign the executive order,” Sturtz said. “Her husband could sign this order tonight and protect 22 percent of the work force in this country.”Sturtz said she paid $500 to attend the fundraiser, part of a protest cooked up by the gay rights group GetEqual, which gained notice in Obama’s first term for hectoring him during speeches and demanding more action on lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues. Sturtz, who gave $5,000 to the Democratic Party and Obama's campaign in 2008, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, said she was devoting herself to full-time activism now pressing the White House on the employment discrimination issue.The proposed executive order that prompted Sturtz’s outburst would prohibit federal contractors from discriminating on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity.LGBT activists, many of whom hailed Obama for his vocal support for same-sex marriage rights in the months leading up to his reelection in 2012, have been increasingly dismayed that the White House has not yet acted on the proposed order.The issue has been building for years, pushed by gay rights advocates who argue that more than 20 percent of the U.S. workforce is employed by federal contractors. Advocates for the executive order have attempted to exert more quiet pressure, highlighting cases of discrimination by some firms and connecting workers to administration officials to make personal appeals.White House officials have said they back legislation to prohibit discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity, but have declined to say whether the executive order is pending.Metro Weekly, a gay newspaper, reported in 2012 that, as a presidential candidate in 2008, then-Sen. Obama had pledged to a Houston LGBT group that he would support a “formal written policy” of non-discrimination.Read more: How do you handle a heckler? Well, it dependsGALLERY: Michelle Obama on fashion coversView Photo Gallery —Michelle Obama is set to appear on the cover of Vogue magazine for the second time. Here’s a look at a few magazines that have turned the first lady into a cover model.GALLERY: Michelle Obama gardens with children affected by Hurricane SandyView Photo Gallery —First lady Michelle Obama was joined by schoolchildren from the storm-ravaged state of New Jersey, as well as students from elsewhere in the country, to harvest the summer crop from the White House Kitchen Garden.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsPresident Obama is closing in on a record. Sometime around the end of this year, he will have deported 2 million undocumented immigrants, more than any other president.Enough, already. The Obama administration should put the brakes on its deportation train. The president has the authority to offer temporary relief from immigration removals. With reform stalled, the president ought to stop trying to appease Republicans by being strong on immigration enforcement. He should consider executive action.Obama has options to allow undocumented immigrants to live without the threat of deportation. Remember, this impacts only immigrants already here. He could end the controversial Secure Communities program, which turns local law enforcement officers into immigration agents. He could let more immigrants qualify for temporary protected status, which provides them with work and residence permits. In 2010, a leaked memo from the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services revealed that the agency was exploring "meaningful immigration reform absent legislative action." Though an agency spokesman later characterized the memo as an "internal draft," the legality of such measures was not in question.Defer actionThe president's most practical route to fewer deportations would be to broaden the number of immigrants eligible for deferred action. In 2012, his administration announced the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, aimed at helping those brought to the U.S. illegally as children. Not only has the program allowed 455,000 young immigrants the freedom to live and work openly, it has withstood legal challenges as well. The Washington Post has noted that this program could be expanded to include other discrete classes of people, such as the parents of citizen children, victims of domestic abuse, or whistle-blowers.Show some courageAlthough Obama said last month on Telemundo that expanding the program would be "very difficult to defend legally," that is not true; it would just be very difficult to defend politically. Immigration reform activists have engaged in civil disobedience nationwide. Isn't it time the president display similar courage?"I believe this president will be tempted ... to issue an executive order," Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., said in August, "like he did for the DREAM Act kids a year ago, where he basically legalizes 11 million people by the sign of a pen." The website PolitiFact judged this statement "mostly false." On his own, the president cannot offer citizenship, a path to citizenship, or permanent relief from deportation. He can take limited action to make our system more humane.True, any executive action on immigration will anger conservative lawmakers. Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., told USA TODAY that this "would effectively kill immigration reform." Yet Goodlatte and other House Republicans are already effectively killing immigration reform with their inaction. A unilateral move by the president might goad GOP lawmakers into actual legislating.If Obama believes immigration reform still has a chance, he should not be deporting those who might be eligible for a path to citizenship. If he has given up on reform, he has every reason to move ahead with executive action. Either way, the right choice is to cut back on deportations.Raul Reyes is an attorney in New York and a member of USA TODAY's Board of Contributors.In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions  from outside writers, including our  Board of Contributors. To read more columns like this, go to the opinion front page or follow us on twitter @USATopinion or Facebook.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsFormer Secret Service agent Dan Bongino told Breitbart News that President Barack Obama was lying when he blamed the cancellation of White House tours on his former agency.“The president’s absolutely not telling the truth when he said the Secret Service made that decision to cut [the White House] tours,” Bongino said. “That’s the core of it: he is not telling the truth.”In an interview with ABC News’ George Stephanopoulos, Obama said the decision, made as a part of sequestration, was not one “that went up to the White House.”“But what the Secret Service explained to us was that they’re going to have to furlough some folks,” Obama said in the interview. What furloughs mean is–is that people lose a day of work and a day of pay. And, you know, the question for them is, you know, how deeply do they have to furlough their staff and is it worth it to make sure that we’ve got White House tours that means that you got a whole bunch of families who are depending on a paycheck who suddenly are seeing a 5% or 10%–reduction in their pay. Well, what I’m asking them is are there ways, for example, for us to accommodate school groups–you know, who may have traveled here with some bake sales. Can we make sure that- kids, potentially, can–can still come to tour?”Bongino, who served 12 years in the Secret Service including five years working directly at the White House before leaving to run as a Republican for U.S. Senate in Maryland, said Obama is lying because the Secret Service does not make such decisions.“The Secret Service does not make political decisions,” Bongino said. “The Secret Service makes security decisions. His statement that it was a Secret Service decision internal budget decision–and keep in mind, I’m not speaking for the Secret Service, I’m speaking from experience of being with them. All he’d have to do is cancel one or two of his political trips and his Martha’s Vineyard vacation, which two years ago I was on and helped coordinate, he would save that money times ten. There was just no way this was a sound decision. To insinuate this is the first administration where the White House social office and the Executive Office of the President had no role in cancelling public tours at the White House, that he was the first president who was left out of the decision, is absolute nonsense.”Bongino said he thinks the president is using “the Washington Monument strategy”–a ploy by a politician who tries to garner public opposition to spending cuts by eliminating popular public services first–in doing this to White House tours. “He wanted to inflict, there is no question in my mind, maximum pain upon the American people. But here’s the caveat: it had to be public pain. If you don’t see it, it doesn’t hurt.”But Bongino said all the public pressure Obama has taken for the decision to cancel the tours caused the ploy to “backfire.” Regardless, the ex Secret Service agent who served three years at the George W. Bush White House and two years at Obama’s White House said Obama still will not admit he was wrong and is now trying to blame the Secret Service for his own behavior.“Instead of coming clean and being honest with the American people that your office and likely you as well had a role in this, he’s again pulling the wool over your eyes just like he’s done on Benghazi, the immigration release [of thousands of illegal immigrants] where he said he didn’t know and Janet Napolitano said she didn’t know, this is nonsense,” Bongino said. “These are not security or budget decisions. These are strictly political decisions. Make no mistake about it.”Bongino said the Secret Service is not correcting Obama because the agency has “a great, elite group of guys and they’re always going to take it on the chin.”“I don’t speak for them but they’re obviously a patriotic group of men and women and they’re not lying when they say there will be overtime costs saved so it’s not like they’re being disingenuous,” Bongino said. “They’re trying to cover for this guy, I think, because they know it looks bad and they don’t want to get involved in the politics and I don’t blame them.”PoliticsSecret ServiceSenateWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartNEW YORK (AP) — Anthony Weiner's ill-fated mayoral campaign ended with a string of final embarrassments: He mustered a mere 5 percent at the ballot box. One of his sexting partners tried to crash his primary night rally. And Weiner was caught making an obscene gesture to reporters as he was driven away.Outside a "victory" party where supporters mourned a disappointing fifth-place finish in the Democratic primary, cameras crowded around Sydney Leathers, the 23-year-old whose sexting with the former congressman brought his once-high-flying campaign to a screeching halt."Why not be here?" Leathers asked reporters. "I'm kind of the reason he's losing. So, might as well show up."Another politician with a sex scandal, Eliot Spitzer, lost the Democratic primary contest for city comptroller to Scott Stringer, the Manhattan borough president. Stringer took 52 percent of the vote to Spitzer's 48 percent.Spitzer resigned as governor in 2008 and admitted he paid for sex with call girls. In exile, he bounced around television as a pundit. Then, just four days before the deadline, he announced he was running for comptroller.On the final campaign day for both men, the spotlight fell heavily on Weiner. His staff sneaked him into his own event, presumably to avoid Leathers, who had camped outside his headquarters all day hoping to confront him. His wife, Huma Abedin, who stood by his side at the height of the scandal, was nowhere to be seen.And after a concession speech in which he got choked up as he spoke of family, a scowling Weiner was caught by a photographer giving a middle-finger goodbye to reporters as he was driven away.Leathers, who has launched a porn career since the scandal broke, said Weiner needed "to stop being an embarrassment to the city of New York. He's going to continue this behavior. If it's not going to be me, it's going to be some other girl."At one point, one of Weiner's supporters scolded Leathers, saying: "You must really be ashamed!"For his part, Weiner acknowledged in his concession speech that he was an "imperfect messenger" but also boasted of the staying power of himself and his campaign.Weiner had been in political exile since he resigned from Congress in 2011 for sending women lewd online messages and pictures. He got into the mayor's race in May, and aside from a few dust-ups with hecklers, was largely well-received at first, holding the lead for most of June and July.But after an obscure gossip website named The Dirty released X-rated exchanges between Weiner and Leathers that took place well after the candidate quit the House of Representatives, Weiner — and his sexting pseudonym, Carlos Danger — once again became a national punchline.With 98 percent of precincts reporting Wednesday morning, Weiner was far behind in the city's Democratic mayoral primary. Public Advocate Bill de Blasio had 40 percent of the vote, the threshold needed to avoid triggering an automatic Oct. 1 runoff. If he cannot maintain that, he will face former city Comptroller Bill Thompson, who has 26 percent, for a potentially grueling three-week showdown, with the winner advancing to face Republican nominee Joe Lhota in the general election.Spitzer took a steadier path to his loss. He took an early lead in the polls, but the race tightened dramatically in recent weeks as the Democratic establishment rallied around Stringer, his main opponent.Unlike Weiner, who made a point of fielding voters' questions about his scandal, Spitzer apologized a few times and then refused to talk about it.He largely eschewed retail campaigning — situations that could have led to awkward exchanges with voters — in favor of national TV interviews and a big television ad campaign, financed with his own millions.But he could not avoid all mention of the scandal. The city's tabloids hounded him about the state of his marriage; Spitzer said he was still married, but his wife never appeared on the campaign trail."All of us should serve, participate," Spitzer told supporters in his concession speech. "I intend to do so in different ways."___Associated Press Radio Correspondent Julie Walker and AP Videojournalist Bonny Ghosh contributed to this report.South Africa held out to level the ODI series 1-1 with a 17-run win over Pakistan on Sunday that was much closer than it should have been because of Fakhar Zaman's brilliant 193 in a losing effort.  Pakistan opener Fakhar's score came from 155 balls and he hit 18 fours and 10 sixes to give South Africa a big scare in the second one-day international.  Pakistan was 205-7 at one stage before Fakhar really got going, but ultimately finished on 324-9 chasing 342 to win at the Wanderers in Johannesburg.Trash being hauled by a tractor-trailer caught fire Monday afternoon on Interstate 95 in Howard County, Maryland State Police said. Police said they received calls around 1:50 p.m. about the fire on southbound I-95 near the exit for Maryland Route 32 near Savage.The National Hockey League’s deputy commissioner says the Vancouver Canucks’ COVID-19 outbreak is concerning, but he remains confident the team will be able to complete its schedule.  In an email to The Canadian Press on Monday, Bill Daly says the Canucks’ numbers are “concerning from a health and safety standpoint, not necessarily from a scheduling standpoint.”  Daly says the league believes the Canucks will return and conclude their 56-game schedule.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.Auston Matthews and John Tavares each had a goal and an assist and the Toronto Maple Leafs beat the Calgary Flames 4-2 Sunday night.  Morgan Rielly and Alex Galchenyuk also scored for the Maple Leafs, who are 6-3-1 in their last 10 and continue to top the NHL’s North Division.  Michael Hutchinson made 32 saves.(Reuters) -The U.S. Supreme Court handed Alphabet Inc's Google a major victory on Monday, ruling that its use of Oracle Corp's software code to build the Android operating system that runs most of the world's smartphones did not violate federal copyright law.  In a 6-2 decision, the justices overturned a lower court's ruling that Google's inclusion of Oracle's software code in Android did not constitute a fair use under U.S. copyright law.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.Venezuela's president will not be able to post for 30 days for disinformation over a herbal remedy.The actress has previously been known as Thandie, an anglicised version of her name.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.AdvertisementSupported byBy Maureen DowdWASHINGTON — I WENT to New York last week to cover the TV presentations for the new season, shows like “Scandal,” “Shark Tank” and a faltering “American Idol.”I may as well have stayed here.You know that the faltering American idol in the White House must be reeling in this scandalous spring. No Drama Obama is immersed in drama so over the top it could have been scripted by Shonda Rhimes and Karl Rove.Just four months after his second inauguration, the president is buffeted by gushing investigations, smug and deranged Republicans, and cat-who-ate-the-canary conspiracists. The man who promised in 2008 to make government cool again is instead batting away charges that he has made government “Nixonian” again.Asked about that on Thursday, Obama might have tried a little J.F.K. wit to dismiss the ridiculous assertion. Instead, he played the pill, as he too often does, huffily telling reporters, “Well, I’ll let you guys engage in those comparisons, and you can go ahead and read the history, I think, and draw your own conclusions.”The onetime messiah seems like a sad sack, trying to bounce back from a blistering array of sins that are not even his fault. He went to Baltimore on Friday to talk about jobs. But no one was listening. Everybody in the country who hates the I.R.S. — so, then, everybody — was listening to the lugubrious acting I.R.S. commissioner who had been ousted, Steven Miller, tell a House committee that he didn’t know who was to blame for the scheme to unfairly scrutinize conservative groups with words like “Tea Party” and “Patriot” in their titles.“Is this still America?” demanded Congressman Kevin Brady, a Republican from Texas.It turns out that Treasury officials knew during the 2012 campaign that an investigation into the targeting was going on. But, enhancing his image as a stranger in a strange land, the president said he learned about it from news reports on May 10. Then he waited three days to descend from the mountain and express outrage.Democrats are not worried that the rumpuses will hurt Obama’s personal appeal or reputation for integrity. But it can’t help the president’s already limited ability to get anything done in a Congress full of Republicans who live to thwart him, and it may impede his plan to win back the House.Democrats fret that it will hurt them in 2014. As one strategist put it: “Now the kooky, paranoid Tea Party people will believe they had a reason to be paranoid. And there’s no better way to express their feelings than to vote next year.”Certainly Obama is getting a clearer understanding that the biggest downside of having the other party control a branch of Congress is its ability to use investigations and subpoenas as anvils.Unfortunately, the sound and fury and battle for clicks will make the already aggrieved president, who considers himself a serious person stuck in an unserious time, even more aggrieved. The Times’s Peter Baker reported that Obama feels so stymied that he dreams of “going Bulworth,” a reference to the Warren Beatty movie in which a depressed and fading Democratic senator from California starts rapping, speaking with politically incorrect candor and dating Halle Berry.The president should try candid; wistful and petulant aren’t getting him anywhere. The Republicans who are putting partisan gain above solving the country’s problems deserve a smackdown.Obama the candidate was romanticized as the pristine relief from Clinton scandals. But his pure personal life did not exempt him from running a government awash in old-school screw-ups.The Clintons have emerged stronger on the back end of their scandals. For better or worse, Bill is seen as authentic. He is what he is. America’s ultimate survivors are now truly potent or dangerous, depending on how you look at it, because Americans love them Bridget Jones-style, just the way they are, warts and all. “Hillary Clinton eats scandals for breakfast,” Bill Maher said. “If the Republicans keep this up, she’ll not only be president, she’ll appoint Bill to the Supreme Court.”Obama would never pull what Hillary pulled with her longtime aide Huma Abedin. Abedin was allowed, after the birth of her and Anthony Weiner’s son, to work part time as a top adviser in the State Department for $135,000 while also working as a consultant for private clients, some of whom had to be interested in her influence in the government.As Politico reported, the arrangement was similar to the way many of Hillary’s aides were paid while she was a senator: “They were compensated partly through work on her government staff, and partly through her political action committee.” And others would later land lucrative gigs at Clinton-friendly organizations.Hillary has a blind spot on ethics, not minding if things look terrible if they’re technically legit. And she has a tight grip on money, so she didn’t choose to simply shift Huma to her personal payroll.But Americans have already priced in the imperfections of the Clintons.Who knows? If Washington keeps imploding, Hillary may run in 2016 on restoring honor to the White House.AdvertisementBack to previous pageA team of FBI agents has been conducting interviews in recent weeks in the Dominican Republic and the United States, looking into allegations that Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) patronized prostitutes in the Caribbean nation, but has found no evidence to support the claim, according to two people familiar with the investigation.One person said agents have asked about whether a Florida eye doctor — a close friend and major campaign donor to Menendez — provided the senator with prostitutes on vacations there. Another person said investigators are looking into allegations involving underage prostitutes and sex parties.The two, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss an active investigation, said FBI agents are following leads provided by an unknown tipster. In a series of e-mails with the FBI, the tipster alleged that the doctor, Salomon Melgen, had made prostitutes available to Menendez while he was staying at his friend’s resort home in the Dominican Republic. The tipster, in particular, mentioned young prostitutes and prostitution parties.The FBI agents are also examining the role Menendez played in advocating for a port security contract in the Dominican Republic that would benefit Melgen, two people familiar with the case said. Menendez has urged U.S. officials to put pressure on the Dominican government to enforce the dormant contract, saying enhanced port security is important for interdicting drug trafficking. Melgen is an investor in the company holding the contract.FBI spokesman Michael Leverock, of the bureau’s field office in Miami, declined to comment for this article.Menendez has vehemently denied the prostitution allegations, calling them false “smears.”“As we have said all along, Senator Menendez welcomes any review because his actions have been appropriate, and we believe the facts will confirm that,” a Menendez aide said Friday.The staff member, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said the senator’s efforts on behalf of the port deal were appropriate. “The senator has had a long history of advocating for increased port security across the world,” the aide said.Melgen and his attorneys declined to comment on any criminal investigation.The relationship between Menendez and Melgen has come under intense scrutiny in recent weeks. Menendez acknowledged this month that he had failed to properly disclose two trips he took in 2010 on Melgen’s private plane to Melgen’s villa, near the resort of Casa de Campo. The senator said he wrote Melgen a personal check for $58,500 to reimburse him for the plane rides last month. The Senate Ethics Committee is investigating the matter.Separately, Melgen is under criminal investigation over allegations of Medicare fraud. Three people with knowledge of the probe disclosed this week that it focuses on whether Melgen defrauded the government by overcharging Medicare for millions of dollars in eye injections and billing the government for treatments that were unnecessary.The FBI and the Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of Inspector General raided Melgen’s Palm Beach eye clinic Jan. 29, searching records and collecting boxes of documents. The raid came days after the tipster’s e-mail exchange with the FBI was posted anonymously on a Web site.Melgen’s attorney said this client was cooperating with authorities in the Medicare investigation and declined to answer further questions.“At this time it would be inappropriate to comment about the ongoing investigation,” said the attorney, Kirk Ogrosky.In checking into the prostitution allegations, FBI agents are examining claims initially made in a series of letters the tipster wrote last spring to staff members at a government watchdog group, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), according to the two people familiar with their inquiries.The claims were also carried on a conservative news Web site, the Daily Caller.CREW’s executive director Melanie Sloan said her staff could not get the tipster to agree to meet or speak on the telephone. As a result, Sloan told a Washington Post reporter last month, she had doubts about the credibility of the person’s claims. 

The FBI began looking into the tipster’s story after CREW forwarded his information to the Justice Department and the FBI’s Washington field office in July.Prostitution is not illegal in the Dominican Republic. But soliciting underage prostitutes is illegal. Also, a politician who accepts free gifts and special favors in exchange for official acts can face criminal prosecution for abuse of public office.The allegations in the letters included the names of a few women who allegedly had improper relations with Menendez and Melgen, including that of a Dominican teenager who told a local television station she had no involvement and had never left her village.The Miami Herald reached another one of the women for an interview, and she explained that she worked for Melgen and considered him a generous person but did not elaborate. An attorney for the woman, Svitlana Buchyk, told a Post reporter Friday that the tipster’s claims about her are “absurd.”“Ms. Buchyk is an actress and model attending to her career,” said her attorney, Gerald Greenberg. “Any allegation that she had an improper relationship with Senator Menendez or anyone else is sheer nonsense. The claims about her that have appeared in fringe-media sources are irresponsible and utterly absurd.”Greenberg declined to discuss whether his client had been interviewed by law enforcement officials.In an e-mail to the tipster in September, FBI agent Regino Chavez wrote, “If you can give me . . . information on all the young ladies who were victimized that would be helpful.” The agent repeatedly asked the tipster, who called himself Pete Williams and only corresponded by e-mail, to meet, but he declined.According to FBI affidavits filed in court, Chavez was listed last year as a member of a task force based out of the Miami field office that specialized in tracking crimes involving abuse of minors, soliciting minors to engage in prostitution and sex trafficking.








Ernesto Londoño and Alice Crites contributed to this report.
©  The Washington Post CompanyWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsObama’s Debt Default Is on His Shoulders While We Shoulder His Impeachable OffensesApparently the president thinks he can furlough reality when talking about the debt limit. To suggest that raising the debt limit doesn’t incur more debt is laughably absurd. The very reason why you raise the debt limit is so that you can incur more debt. Otherwise what’s the point?It’s also shameful to see him scaremongering the markets with his talk of default. There is no way we can default if we follow the Constitution. The Fourteenth Amendment, Section 4, requires that we service our debt first. We currently collect more than enough tax revenue to service our debt if we do that first. However, we don’t have enough money to continue to finance our ever-growing federal government (with our $17 trillion dollar national debt that has increased over 50% since Obama took office). That’s why President Obama wants to increase the debt limit. He doesn’t want to make the tough decisions to rein in government spending. So, he’s scaremongering the markets about default, just as he tries to scaremonger our senior citizens about their Social Security, which, by the way, is funded by the Social Security Trust Fund and is solvent through 2038.It’s time for the president to be honest with the American people for a change. Defaulting on our national debt is an impeachable offense, and any attempt by President Obama to unilaterally raise the debt limit without Congress is also an impeachable offense. A default would also be a shameful lack of leadership, just as mindlessly increasing our debt without trying to rein in spending is a betrayal of our children and grandchildren who will be stuck with the bill.This article was cross-posted at Sarah Palin’s Facebook page.PoliticsCongressSarah Palin.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartIf you're smart, like the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, you say nothing (at least so far). Why rub salt in the wounds of your strongest supporters? But if you're the guys at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, you ask them to cheer louder. In an email blast:Instead of compromising to get solutions on the budget, NRCC Chairman Greg Walden outrageously attacked parts of President Obama’s budget proposal that were included at the demand of Republicans."But the DCCC isn't the only one stepping off the cliff with the president. The Democratic Governor's Association decided to play lemming as well.On the other side, Paul Ryan and House Republicans have a budget that spends your hard-earned money on tax breaks for the wealthiest, ends Medicare and Social Security as we know them, and slashes other critical programs.Stand with us in supporting President Obama’s budget and say no to Paul Ryan’s disaster of a plan.You wouldn't. A Social Security cut is a Social Security cut, no matter who proposes it. Heck, it's worse when proposed by Democrats. Republicans are assholes. We expect them to slash the safety net. But Democrats? If we stand for anything at all, we stand for taking care of each other.Sign this petition telling the DCCC and the DGA that that that's what we should be standing for. Not Obama's cut-Social Security budget.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.President Obama to continue to push plan for economy ahead of congressional recessSenate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell takes fire from left and right in re-election campaignHouse Republicans to push for more oversight at IRS, take another shot at Obamacare
  From rising rhetoric between the president and top Republicans over the economy to a marquee Senate campaign showdown, politics are heating up in the summer sun and could boil over in the week ahead.

  1. Economic tug of war

  With budget showdowns looming, President Barack Obama continues to try to take his case directly to the American people.

  The president travels to an Amazon distribution center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, on Tuesday and will again speak on the economy, which remains the top issue on the minds of Americans. The White House touts the address as the first in a series of policy speeches on Obama’s “better bargain for the middle class.”

  John King: Obama thinks he’s getting the upper hand

  “Tuesday’s speech will focus on manufacturing and high-wage jobs for durable economic growth, and the president will discuss proposals he has laid out to jump-start private-sector job growth and make America more competitive, and will also talk about new ideas to create American jobs,” White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters.

  The Chattanooga address follows similar speeches last week where the president’s tone was sharper and more partisan than many had expected.

  Obama: I won’t ‘twiddle my thumbs’ waiting for GOP

  “If the Republicans don’t agree with me, I want them to lay out their ideas. If they have got a better plan to create jobs, rebuild our infrastructure, to make sure that they have great ports all along the Gulf, come on, let me know what your ideas are,” the president said Thursday in Jacksonville, Florida.

  Congressional Republican leaders are pushing right back at the president – with deadlines to continue funding the federal government and raising the nation’s debt ceiling as well the date for implementing a crucial part of Obamacare on the horizon.

  Obama touts economic agenda; GOP says he’s ‘all sizzle, no steak’

  “Look, this president is a terrific campaigner. We all recognize that. He has got a way with words, too. But at some point campaign season has to end and the `working with others’ season has to begin,” Senate GOP Leader Mitch McConnell said on the Senate floor Thursday morning.

  “His speech turned out to be all sizzle and no steak, that’s assuming there’s any sizzle left after you’ve reheated this thing so many times,” House Speaker John Boehner chimed in later.

  With one week left before the congressional summer recess, both Democrats and Republicans will ramp up the rhetoric over the strong possibility of a government shutdown in the autumn. Both sides are pointing fingers in a heated blame game, and the fight will continue into the August recess as the action moves to lawmakers’ home states and districts.

  2. Marquee Senate showdown begins

  What could ultimately be the most expensive and bitter Senate battle in the 2014 midterm elections formally begins Tuesday when Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes kicks off her Democratic challenge to McConnell, who’s running for a sixth term in the Senate.

  In a preview of how nasty things could get, Grimes blames McConnell for greatly contributing to the gridlock in Washington, saying in a video previewing her rollout that the Senate Republican leader is “the biggest part of the problem. He’s wasted decades blocking legislation that would have helped Kentucky and our country. And over the last few years he’s done it for the worst possible reason – out of spite.”

  Web wars start in crucial 2014 Senate race

  Even before announcing her candidacy this month, Grimes had already come under attack, both by an Internet ad put out by the McConnell campaign that poked fun at the amount of time she was taking to make a decision, and by a pro-McConnell independent group that went up with an ad that called her “Obama’s cheerleader in Kentucky.”

  McConnell is known for taking the fight to his political opponents, and he quickly welcomed Grimes to the race by linking her to the president, who is unpopular in Kentucky, a red state in presidential elections.

  “Accepting the invitation from countless Washington liberals to become President Obama’s Kentucky candidate was a courageous decision by Alison Lundergan Grimes, and I look forward to a respectful exchange of ideas,” McConnell said in a statement this month.

  In her video, Grimes fired back, saying, “I don’t scare easy.”

  Next weekend both Grimes and McConnell will attend the annual Fancy Farm picnic in the rural western tip of Kentucky. The picnic is famous as a traditional political gathering that attracts statewide candidates.

  Also expected to attend that gathering is Matt Bevins, a Kentucky businessman who a few days ago formally launched a conservative primary challenge to McConnell, adding more political fire to an already combustible race.

  Conservative challenger takes on McConnell

  3. House GOP to make another statement

  Pegged to the scandal involving Internal Revenue Service targeting some political groups for special scrutiny, the GOP-controlled House of Representatives will vote on a series of bills in the week ahead to curb the power of the IRS and other federal agencies.

  House Majority Leader Eric Cantor packaged 10 measures for floor votes and dubbed the final week before a monthlong summer recess as “Stop Government Abuse” week.

  Republicans to make big push on oversight legislation

  In addition to the IRS, another chief target of the Republican legislative push is Obamacare, which the House GOP has continually tried to roll back.  

  One bill sponsored by Rep. Tom Price, R-Georgia, would prohibit the IRS from implementing any provisions of the health care law. Since the IRS is the agency that would enforce the mandate that individuals must carry health insurance, this legislation essentially hamstrings the program. This bill is the latest in a string of more than three dozen times House Republicans have tried to repeal entirely or change parts of the health care law.

  House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi criticized the effort, saying, “It is only fitting that Republicans would waste the last week at work this summer voting for the 40th time to repeal the Affordable Care Act and continue their record of no jobs bills, no budget agreement and no solutions for the middle class.”

  Many Republicans expressed outrage after IRS employee Lois Lerner was placed on administrative leave but is still being paid, which the current law allows. A GOP bill sponsored by Rep. Mike Kelly, R-Pennsylvania, would change that law and allow federal agencies to suspend employees who are under investigation without pay. Other Republican bills would limit bonuses for federal workers and impose a ban on any new IRS conferences until new changes are in place.

  One topic the House won’t address before its five-week break is immigration reform. The Senate passed a bipartisan comprehensive immigration bill last month, but Boehner said instead the House will take a “step-by-step” approach but has not given any details yet on when it will vote or what specific measures will be taken up on the floor.

  4. Scandals from coast …

  It’s the tabloid political blockbuster of the summer: Amid falling poll numbers and a rising “sexting” count, New York mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner had a horrible week.

  Opponent: Weiner is immature, disconnected from the truth

  But the former seven-term Democratic representative, who resigned from Congress two years ago following a similar scandal, has so far resisted calls to end his bid for a second chance in politics.

  All eyes will be on Weiner in the days ahead. Will Weiner’s poll numbers continue to plunge? Will more women who had inappropriate online relationships with Weiner speak out? Will Weiner’s wife, Huma Abedin, a longtime top adviser to Hillary Clinton, continue to support her husband’s bid for political redemption?

  Weiner acknowledged Sunday that campaign manager Danny Kedem has left his team. 

  A lot of questions remain, and as of now, Weiner’s still giving answers.

  Weiner says he has no response to Sidney Leathers

  “But there’s going to reach a point fairly soon that I’m going to say I think I’ve said enough about it, and I’m going to keep just talking about other things,” Weiner told reporters Friday.

  Stay tuned.

  5. … to coast

  On the left coast, it’s a similar story as another former Democratic congressman is facing calls to quit. San Diego Mayor Bob Filner is dealing with an explosion of sexual harassment allegations.

  Filner said Friday he will take a two-week hiatus for “intensive counseling.” His move came one day after fellow Democrats called for his resignation.

  Amid calls to resign, embattled Filner to enter clinic

  Saying he had apologized to his staff, the citizens and the “women I have offended,” the mayor said, “It is simply not acceptable to explain away my conduct as the product of the standards of a different generation.”

  On Thursday, the San Diego County Democratic Party voted 34-6 to ask the mayor to step down. Seven women have said they were targets of the mayor’s advances.

  A group has begun a campaign aimed at getting more than the 100,000 signatures needed to try and recall Filner, who was a five-term congressman before being elected mayor last year.

  CNN’s Tricia Escobedo, Craig Broffman and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.WASHINGTON (AP) — A government watchdog has found that the Internal Revenue Service spent about $50 million to hold at least 220 conferences for employees between 2010 and 2012, a House committee said Sunday.The chairman of that committee, Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., also released excerpts of congressional investigators' interviews with employees of the IRS office in Cincinnati. Issa said the interviews indicated the employees were directed by Washington to subject tea party and other conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status to tough scrutiny.The excerpts provided no direct evidence that Washington had ordered that screening. The top Democrat on that panel, Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, said none of the employees interviewed have so far identified any IRS officials in Washington as ordering that targeting.The conference spending included $4 million for an August 2010 gathering in Anaheim, Calif., for which the agency did not negotiate lower room rates, even though that is standard government practice, according to a statement by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.Instead, some of the 2,600 attendees received benefits, including baseball tickets and stays in presidential suites that normally cost $1,500 to $3,500 per night. In addition, 15 outside speakers were paid a total of $135,000 in fees, with one paid $17,000 to talk about "leadership through art," the House committee said.The report by the Treasury Department's inspector general, set to be released Tuesday, comes as the IRS already is facing bipartisan criticism after agency officials disclosed they had targeted tea party and other conservative groups.Agency officials and the Obama administration have said that treatment was inappropriate, but the political tempest is showing no signs of ebbing and has put the White House on the defensive.Three congressional committees are investigating, a Justice Department criminal investigation is under way, President Barack Obama has replaced the IRS' acting commissioner and two other top officials have stepped aside.The Treasury Department released a statement Sunday saying the administration "has already taken aggressive and dramatic action to reduce conference spending."IRS spokeswoman Michelle Eldridge said Sunday that spending on large agency conferences with 50 or more participants fell from $37.6 million in the 2010 budget year to $4.9 million in 2012. The government's fiscal year begins Oct. 1 the previous calendar year.On Friday, the new acting commissioner, Danny Werfel, released a statement on the forthcoming report criticizing the Anaheim meeting."This conference is an unfortunate vestige from a prior era," Werfel said. "While there were legitimate reasons for holding the meeting, many of the expenses associated with it were inappropriate and should not have occurred."Issa's committee also released excerpts from interviews congressional investigators conducted last week with two IRS employees from the agency's Cincinnati office. The excerpts omitted the names of those interviewed and provided no specifics about individuals in Washington who may have been involved.One of the IRS employees said in an excerpt that they were told by a supervisor that the need to collect the reports came from Washington, and said that in early 2010 the Cincinnati office had sent copies of seven of the cases to Washington.The other said "all my direction" came from an official the transcript said was in Washington.One of the workers also expressed skepticism that the Cincinnati office originated the screening without direction from Washington, according to the excerpts.Appearing Sunday on CNN's "State of the Union," Issa said this conflicted with White House comments that have referred to misconduct by IRS workers in Cincinnati. Without naming White House spokesman Jay Carney, Issa said the administration's "paid liar, their spokesperson" is "still making up things about what happens in calling this local rogue."He added, "This is a problem that was coordinated in all likelihood right out of Washington headquarters and we're getting to proving it."In briefings with reporters, Carney has not referred to the Cincinnati IRS office as "rogue.""He's good at throwing out outlandish charges but it's unclear what he's saying he lied about," White House spokesman Eric Schultz said of Issa's remark.Cummings said Issa's comments conflicted with a Treasury inspector general's report that provided no evidence that the Cincinnati office received orders on targeting from anyone else."Rather than lobbing unsubstantiated conclusions on national television for political reasons, we need to work in a bipartisan way to follow the facts where they lead," Cummings said.The interviews with IRS employees were conducted by Republican and Democratic aides on Issa's committee and also involved aides from both parties from the House Ways and Means Committee.One of the employees was a lower-level worker while the other was higher-ranked, said one congressional aide, but the committee did not release their names or titles.The IRS Cincinnati office handles applications from around the country for tax-exempt status. A Treasury inspector general's report in May said employees there began searching for applications from tea party and conservative groups in their hunt for organizations that primarily do work related to election campaigns.That May report blamed "ineffective management" for letting that screening occur for more than 18 months between 2010 and 2012. But that report — and three hearings by congressional committees — have produced no specific evidence that the Cincinnati workers were ordered by anyone in Washington to target conservatives.The latest report on IRS conferences will be the subject of a hearing Thursday by the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.Werfel is scheduled to make his first congressional appearance as acting commissioner Monday when he appears before a subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee.According to congressional aides briefed by the inspector general's office, the IRS did not formally seek competitive bids for the city where the agency's 2010 conference was held, for the event planner who assisted the agency, or for the speakers.The aides, who spoke on condition of anonymity to describe a confidential congressional briefing, said other benefits given to some attendees at the Anaheim IRS conference included vouchers for free drinks and some tickets to attend Angels baseball games.Two videos produced by the IRS were shown at the Anaheim conference. In one, agency employees did a parody of "Star Trek" while dressed like the TV show's characters; the second shows more than a dozen IRS workers dancing on a stage. The two videos cost the agency more than $50,000 to make, aides said.The lecturer who spoke about leadership through art produced six paintings of subjects that included Abraham Lincoln, Michael Jordan, the rock singer Bono and the Statue of Liberty, the aides said.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        May 31, 2013: Former U.S. President George W. Bush (L) walks next to U.S. President Barack Obama (2nd L) while former first lady Laura Bush (2nd R) walks next to first lady Michelle Obama before the unveiling of the Bushs' official White House portraits in the East Room of the White House in Washington (Reuters)More voters have a positive opinion of former President George W. Bush than President Barack Obama, according to the latest Fox News Poll.  But former President Bill Clinton is liked best of the three.The poll finds 50 percent of voters have a favorable opinion of Bush, while 47 percent have an unfavorable view. By contrast, Obama has a net negative rating:  46 percent have a favorable opinion of him, while 52 percent have an unfavorable opinion.Views of Clinton are far more positive:  70 percent favorable vs. 26 percent unfavorable.  That gives him a huge net positive rating (+ 44 points). The two former presidents and President Obama attended the memorial service for South African leader Nelson Mandela on December 11, and Bush joined Obama on Air Force One for the flight to Johannesburg. Obama’s favorable rating has been more positive than negative for almost his entire presidency.  However, in the last few months, during the botched health care roll-out, opinion of Obama has reversed.At the end of Bush’s second term he had a 34 percent favorable rating (December 2008), but that’s been increasing the last few years during his retirement.There’s a large partisan gap in views of Obama and Bush; for example, there’s an 80-point difference in Obama’s favorable rating among Democrats and Republicans.  And there’s a 60-point gap in Bush’s positive rating from the two parties. Eighty-five percent of Democrats have a positive view of Obama, while just five percent of Republicans feel that way.Likewise, 85 percent of Republicans have a favorable opinion of Bush, while just 25 percent of Democrats agree. Fully 93 percent of Republicans rate Obama negatively.  In contrast, Bush’s unfavorable drops to 74 percent among Democrats.Presidential Job Performance ComparisonsPresident Obama ends his fifth year in office under water on his job rating by 12 percentage points: 41 percent of voters approve of the job he’s doing, while 53 percent disapprove. President Bush ended his fifth year in office in negative territory too, by nine points:  42 percent approved of his job performance and 51 percent disapproved in the Fox News poll conducted mid-December 2005. Obama’s average approval rating for 2013 is 44 percent, just slightly below the 2005 average approval of 46 percent for Bush.The Fox News poll is based on landline and cell phone interviews with 1,027 randomly chosen registered voters nationwide and was conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R) from December 14-16, 2013.  The full poll has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage points.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones Products
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    A trucker protest aimed at clogging the Capital Beltway around Washington to protest government "corruption" was not shaping up to be quite the commuter nightmare organizers had threatened.As of Friday morning, dozens of tractor-trailers were said to be on the road as part of the protest convoy.Virginia state police say they stopped four tractor-trailer drivers on the Beltway, pulling them over after they began driving side-by side across all four northbound lanes of the Beltway in Fairfax County.Their actions slowed traffic to about 15 mph. Officers warned the drivers not to impede traffic and did not write any tickets.Police say a convoy of about 30 trucks began traveling north on Interstate 95 from Doswell, Va., on Friday morning. The truckers are circling the Beltway.However, the presence was not quite the thousands of truckers that organizers had predicted. On Friday morning, just a handful of people had showed up at a key staging area.According to MyFoxDC.com, organizers say more could show up through the weekend.The rally, "Truckers Ride for the Constitution," had called for 10,000 truck drivers to show up Friday morning and circle I-495 for the next three days, according to a Facebook page for the event."Truckers will lead the path to saving our country if every American rides with them!" the Facebook page says, adding "The American people are sick and tired of the corruption that is destroying America!"On its website, the group lists several demands, including that President Obama resign immediately, that the debt ceiling not be raised and that National Security Agency surveillance of communications be ceased. The group is also complaining about low wages and rising fuel costs.The event's organizers, however, have stressed that they intend to keep the protest peaceful and adhere to all traffic laws."We're not coming in to cause any violence or disrupt anything," protester J.B. Schaffner told Greta Van Sustern Thursday night on "Greta." "We're just coming in to make our voice heard."The Associated Press contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Swann reports that so far six IRS agents working out of the Cincinnati office–which is the central hub for processing tax-exempt applications–have been identified as sending scrutinizing letters to conservative groups. These include: These agents report to different managers, with a territory manager overseeing those managers.Swann explains how the process works:When an application for tax exempt status comes into the IRS, agents have 270 days to work through that application. If the application is not processed within those 270 days it automatically triggers flags in the system. When that happens, individual agents are required to input a status update on that individual case once a month, every month until the case is resolved.Keep in mind, at least 300 groups were targeted out of Cincinnati alone. Those applications spent anywhere from 18 months to nearly 3 years in the system and some still don’t have their non-profit status. 300 groups multiplied by at least 18 months for each group, means thousands of red flags would have been generated in the system. So who in the chain of command would have received all these flags? The answer, according to the IRS directory, one woman in Cincinnati, Cindy Thomas, the Program Manager of the Tax Exempt Division. Because all six of our IRS workers have different individual and territory managers, Cindy Thomas is one manager they all have common. It turns out Cindy Thomas’ name is one we have heard before. The independent journalism group ProPublica says in November of 2012 they had requested information on conservatives groups that had received non-profit status. Cindy Thomas, says Swann, is the highest-ranking employee in the Tax Exempt and Government Entities Department in Cincinnati. Democrats unleashed a barrage of pointed questions to IRS officials on Wednesday in the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee hearing. Rep. Stephen Lynch (D-MA) said if witnesses today are not more forthcoming and continue to stonewall the committee, “it will lead to a special prosecutor” in order “to get to the bottom of this.” He warned that “there will be hell to pay if that’s the route we go down.”“It is possible that criminal activity may have occurred,” said Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration J. Russell George.PoliticsFOXIndependent.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartPOINT PLEASANT BEACH, N.J. (AP) — President Barack Obama casually tossed a football as Gov. Chris Christie won a stuffed bear in an arcade Tuesday along a New Jersey boardwalk, signaling the famed Jersey Shore is back seven months after Hurricane Sandy bore down with force.Obama, with a left-handed soft toss, went 0 for 5. Christie scored a hit on the first try, prompting a high-five from the president."That's because he's running for office," Obama joked, a nod to the Republican governor's re-election campaign and the perception that Obama's visit helps Christie in Democratic-leaning New Jersey.The odd couple of politics, Christie and Obama found common cause in Point Pleasant Beach, where about half the boardwalk was destroyed in the storm. Christie held back as Obama, dodging rain in a blue rain jacket, worked a rope line, shaking hands with a crowd that gathered for his arrival.The trip gives Obama a chance to showcase the widely praised Federal Emergency Management Agency at a time when attention has focused on the Internal Revenue Service and its targeting of conservative groups. The president also gets to draw attention to the kind of bipartisanship that has been harder to find in the nation's capital.White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters traveling to New Jersey with Obama that the president believes Christie "has done an excellent job in the efforts he's undertaken."For Christie, the president's appearance is yet another way to showcase his beloved Jersey Shore. The Republican governor has been touting it throughout the Memorial Day weekend as a destination point that is back in business, and he broke a Guinness world record Friday by cutting a 5.5-mile-long ceremonial ribbon that symbolically tied together some of the towns hardest-hit by Sandy. The state has a $25 million marketing campaign to highlight the shore's resurgence in time for the summer season.Both men will reprise the remarkable bipartisan tableau they offered during Sandy's immediate aftermath, when Obama flew to New Jersey just days before the November election to witness the storm's wreckage. Politically, the visit plays well for both men. Christie, seeking re-election this year, will stand shoulder to shoulder with a president popular among Democrats in a Democratic-leaning state. And Obama, dueling with congressional Republicans on a number of fronts, gets to display common cause with a popular GOP stalwart. (Obama was not scheduled to meet with state Sen. Barbara Buono, Christie's likely Democratic opponent in the governor's race.)Christie, in an interview with NBC on Friday, played down the politics, even when asked whether ties to Obama could hurt him among conservatives if he were to seek the Republican presidential nomination in 2016."The fact of the matter is, he's the president of the United States, and he wants to come here and see the people of New Jersey," Christie said. "I'm the governor. I'll be here to welcome him."To be sure, New Jersey is still rebuilding. Obama is visiting those regions that have been among the first to recover — Christie ranks the recovery of the state's famous boardwalks as an eight on a scale of 10 but concedes that in other parts of the state many homeowners are still rebuilding six months after the devastating superstorm struck. Overall, the storm caused $38 billion in damages in the state, and harmed or wrecked 360,000 homes or apartment units.But the coastal recovery is a big potential boon for the state, where tourism is a nearly $40 billion industry.For Obama, coming off a week that had the IRS in the crosshairs of a scandal, the trip also offers an opportunity to demonstrate the work of FEMA, whose response to disasters has been met with bipartisan praise.Indeed, inside the White House, FEMA is perceived as an example of what's best about government. The agency, panned for its response under President George W. Bush to Hurricane Katrina in 2005, has made a turnaround under administrator Craig Fugate and has been commended for its work in disasters from the Joplin, Mo., tornado in 2011 to Sandy last year.The visit also occurs as Congress is away for a Memorial Day break, a weeklong recess that likely will silence the daily attention lawmakers, particularly Republicans, had been paying to the IRS political upheaval as well as the ongoing debate about the fatal attacks at the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya, last year and an investigation of media leaks that has stirred opposition from the media and many lawmakers.South Africa held out to level the ODI series 1-1 with a 17-run win over Pakistan on Sunday that was much closer than it should have been because of Fakhar Zaman's brilliant 193 in a losing effort.  Pakistan opener Fakhar's score came from 155 balls and he hit 18 fours and 10 sixes to give South Africa a big scare in the second one-day international.  Pakistan was 205-7 at one stage before Fakhar really got going, but ultimately finished on 324-9 chasing 342 to win at the Wanderers in Johannesburg.Trash being hauled by a tractor-trailer caught fire Monday afternoon on Interstate 95 in Howard County, Maryland State Police said. Police said they received calls around 1:50 p.m. about the fire on southbound I-95 near the exit for Maryland Route 32 near Savage.The National Hockey League’s deputy commissioner says the Vancouver Canucks’ COVID-19 outbreak is concerning, but he remains confident the team will be able to complete its schedule.  In an email to The Canadian Press on Monday, Bill Daly says the Canucks’ numbers are “concerning from a health and safety standpoint, not necessarily from a scheduling standpoint.”  Daly says the league believes the Canucks will return and conclude their 56-game schedule.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.Auston Matthews and John Tavares each had a goal and an assist and the Toronto Maple Leafs beat the Calgary Flames 4-2 Sunday night.  Morgan Rielly and Alex Galchenyuk also scored for the Maple Leafs, who are 6-3-1 in their last 10 and continue to top the NHL’s North Division.  Michael Hutchinson made 32 saves.(Reuters) -The U.S. Supreme Court handed Alphabet Inc's Google a major victory on Monday, ruling that its use of Oracle Corp's software code to build the Android operating system that runs most of the world's smartphones did not violate federal copyright law.  In a 6-2 decision, the justices overturned a lower court's ruling that Google's inclusion of Oracle's software code in Android did not constitute a fair use under U.S. copyright law.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.Venezuela's president will not be able to post for 30 days for disinformation over a herbal remedy.The actress has previously been known as Thandie, an anglicised version of her name.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Although my husband is not a federal worker in the sense we all think about, he does work for the federal goverment. He is a military officer and he is due to retire in the next few years. We're part of the community being asked to embrace the suck. This budget deal will take an estimated $124,000 from our pockets. It will take that much from every officer who has recently retired and who will retire in the near future. The budget deal would take an estimated $80,000 from the pockets of an Army Sergeant 1st Class. All combined, the deal will save the military a grand $6 Billion in 10 years, a pittance to the military budget but a devastating loss of money to each family.The military community is in an uproar. But the civilian community, not so much. I would imagine that's why the diaries earlier this week received so little attention. Did you miss those? In my opinion, first time diarist, aznavy deserved to at least make the Community Spotlight for his piece, Military Retirees Thrown Under the Bus For Defense Contractors:Future thank you's could include Tricare benefit cuts, pay raise caps, narrower VA eligibility criteria...the list seems endless. http://www.nj.com/....Why go on, it is only depressing. Please, don't thank me for my service anymore...it only costs me and my comrades in arms money.Shared sacrifice - my ass.I also wrote a diary, "Working Age" Military Retirees Screwed Over in the Ryan/Murray Deal. In it, I highlight all those places that Congress could have cut the military budget, items that the Pentagon itself wanted to cut, and Congress chose not to. Why? Because those cuts would mean ending contracts with companies in their districts. Just.to.hard.to.do.So instead, Congress is going to repeat it's 1990-style military retiree screw you over deal. Back then, it was health care. Military retirees had been promised a lifetime of free healthcare. They lost it when Congress and President Clinton signed a budget agreement that started to charge retirees for seeing the doctor. They fought back but they fought alone because the civilian community didn't see such a big deal at the time. For 20 years, many a military member has cussed out Clinton for his part in all of this. In fact, I would say it was one of the major reasons why vocal military opinion swayed against Democrats for so long.Now we're going to see President Obama sign similar legislation. Different retiree benefit but just another generation of military retirees to screw over. Don't think we're getting screwed? Military families certainly do:From a military spouse at MilitarySpouse.com:My youngest is five years old and she’s already lived in four states.  I’ve said goodbye to family, knowing we’ll never live in the same state again.  Because aren’t all grandparents meant for Skyping and not sleepovers?  My children are forced to change schools every two years, expected to make new friends and adapt to imbalances in education from state to state.My husband’s office is an intricate part of the national defense of our country.  So, that means T-ball games are missed, so are school plays, recitals, activities, help with home work, bed time routines and of course, family vacations.   Not to mention, let’s send you off to a war zone for an unknown amount of time, too.   My husband has spent 20 years in the United States military. It’s not your typical day job.And, quite frankly, I think I have it pretty good. I know other military families out there have it a lot worse.  I’ve embraced my suck, we all do.So, when I hear the Minority Leader of the U.S. House of Representatives, Nancy Pelosi (D), spout out in a news conference, we have to “embrace the suck”, I want to scream!How about trying out a new slogan “Embrace Your Promise.”  You can send a letter to your Representative, your Senators, and President Obama in one single go by visiting the Military Officers Association of America. You don't have to be military, just mark that you're an MOAA Family/Friend.And please, show the front pagers that this issue is important. Rec the diary and get this issue some attention. Please.When asked at a press briefing Friday, White House deputy press secretary Josh Earnest wouldn’t confirm the budget’s release. “I don’t have a budget date to announce to you,” he said. It is telling that the White House didn’t inform Congress of the delay, but left the task to budget staff at the Pentagon. A major part of a President’s job is to manage the Executive Branch and its numerous federal agencies. The President’s budget proposal is the Administration’s estimation of the resources it will need to meet its mission and priorities for the coming year. Historically, the President submits his budget before Congress gets to work on a final spending plan. This year, however, House and Senate Budget authors will unveil their spending plans weeks ahead of President Obama. Like many other legislative deliberations, Obama will be on the sidelines. Senate Budget Committee Ranking Member Sen. Jeff Sessions blasted the delay. “He will be submitting it after the House and Senate have produced a budget proposal and adjourned for Easter. So while the President speaks of his deep concern for American workers and families, he fails to even submit to Congress his financial plan to help those workers and families.”Since Obama took office, the government has mostly been on auto-pilot. Senate Democrats have refused for the past four years to even bring a budget plan to the floor for a vote. This inaction has caused the government to run on a series of “continuing resolutions”, which simply extend all current spending, with modest increases, for a set period of time. As a result, there have been no real talks about prioritizing spending nor reducing or eliminating ineffective programs. It has allowed Obama and the Democrats to give lip-service to the need to cut spending, without having to provide any specific recommendations. It’s budgetary shadow-boxing. Obama is simply uninterested in the day-to-day workload required to successfully manage the federal government. He can’t even be bothered when federal law requires that he “show his work” to the nation.Follow me on twitter PoliticsCongressDeadlineSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartOf all the arguments for the Obama administration’s green-energy loan program, one of the worst is that federal aid leverages private capital. Consider Fisker Automotive. In August 2009, this wannabe plug-in electric hybrid car company was hard up for cash to pay suppliers and faced potential layoffs. A green-energy loan was the only hope, Fisker executive Bernhard Koehler explained in an e-mail to the Department of Energy — because it would help bring in private money. “We are oversubscribed in this equity round with the DOE support — and nowhere without it,” Koehler pleaded. A month later, in September 2009, the Energy Department approved a $529 million low-interest loan. Vice President Biden stood before the proposed site of a Fisker plant in Delaware and described the department’s program as “seed money that will return back to the American consumer in billions and billions and billions of dollars of good new jobs.”Sure enough, private money started flowing in to Fisker by the tens of millions. Apparently, investors liked the idea of a firm that enjoyed access to cheap government funding. All told, Fisker attracted $1.1 billion in private investment, the vast majority of which took place after it got the DOE loan. Alas, government loans could not overcome Fisker’s fundamental problem: no experience mass-producing automobiles, let alone the complex battery-powered luxury cars that it proposed to sell for more than $100,000. Today, the company is nearly bankrupt; taxpayers are on the hook for $171 million, and private investors are probably nearly wiped out. (The story is well told, with documents, at PrivCo.com.)In other words, that’s more than a billion dollars in capital that can’t create jobs elsewhere in the economy — but might have, if the government had not propped up and promoted Fisker.A committee of the Republican-majority House is searching for proof that Fisker got its loan because of its political connections. It’s certainly true that the Silicon Valley venture capital (VC) firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers was Fisker’s biggest backer, and that KPCB’s lineup includes such Democratic heavies as John Doerr and Al Gore. I doubt the committee will find a smoking gun, though. This is a story of self-serving groupthink, not a blatant quid pro quo. Fisker’s fool’s gold took in members of the U.S. elite, from Leonardo DiCaprio to KPCB “strategic limited partner” Colin Powell. For the private investors, Fisker was about getting rich while feeling virtuous. For the Obama administration, it was about doing something for green jobs. The former will be held accountable financially; the latter, politically. That doesn’t make the Fisker debacle a victimless episode or a disaster only in the sense of opportunity cost. State university endowments and charitable foundations had exposure through KPCB investment funds. The College Illinois fund, a state-run prepaid tuition plan used by 30,000 families, sank $10 million into Fisker. It did so at the urging of Advanced Equities Inc. (AEI), a Chicago-based firm that Fisker paid to raise private capital after the Energy Department loan. AEI did not enjoy a sterling reputation. A 2008 Forbes article portrayed it as an oft-sued operation, notorious for foisting dubious VC deals on its clientele. An anonymous ex-employee called it “a bucket shop.”AEI eventually raised more than half of Fisker’s private capital. “They are good at what they do,” Fisker board member (and KPCB partner) Ray Lane, no relation, told the Wall Street Journal. (Through a spokeswoman, Lane declined a request for an interview.)San Diego businessman Daniel Wray typifies the investors AEI pulled in. He spent $210,000 on preferred shares prior to January 2012 — when AEI told him that his stake would be downgraded to common stock unless he ponied up $84,000 more within a week. Wray is suing, claiming that AEI took him by surprise — though it must be said that such “pay to play” gambits are not unprecedented in the VC biz, especially in “late-stage” start-ups desperate for cash, as Fisker was in early 2012. Last September, Advanced Equities paid the Securities and Exchange Commission $1 million to settle fraud charges related to its fundraising for another KPCB-backed green start-up, Bloom Energy. Allegedly, one of AEI’s top officials told would-be investors that the CIA had ordered $2 billion of its fuel cells, which it hadn’t. Advanced Equities shut down last year. Government can efficiently affect energy usage through fuel taxes and basic research. When it intervenes on behalf of specific technologies and specific companies, however, bad things happen — resource misallocation, windfall-seeking, even, sometimes, corruption. The Fisker debacle proves once again that, in the immortal words of former White House economist Larry Summers, “government is a crappy VC.” charles.lane@washpost.com   Read more from Opinions:   Chris Paine: Five myths about electric cars  Charles Lane: Liberals’ green-energy contradictions We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.AdvertisementSupported byBy Annie Lowrey and Binyamin AppelbaumWASHINGTON — For Lawrence H. Summers, President Obama’s preferred candidate to lead the Federal Reserve, the messy debate over a military attack in Syria was the final sign.After weeks of opposition to his candidacy from an array of progressives, the president’s inability to rally Congressional Democrats on Syria persuaded Mr. Summers that his most important audience — the Senate, which must confirm a Fed chairman — probably could not be won over.He concluded that the White House was also unlikely to overcome opposition to his candidacy from many of the same Democrats, who view him as an opponent of stronger financial regulation, according to supporters who insisted on anonymity to describe confidential conversations with him.“Clearly Obama couldn’t bring his own most enthusiastic supporters to back him on an issue of national security,” one supporter said. “How was he going to corral them for Larry?”Mr. Summers’s decision, which he shared with the president in a phone call Sunday followed by a letter, was described as reluctantly made and reluctantly accepted. Mr. Summers wanted the job and Mr. Obama wanted to pick him. But the public opposition of three Democrats on the Senate banking committee, the first step in the confirmation process, surprised the White House and forced a calculation that this was a battle the administration could not afford to fight.The embarrassing setback reveals an administration increasingly hamstrung by occasional opposition of liberal Democrats, not just its familiar Republican opponents. It adds to the rocky nature of Mr. Obama’s fifth year, following the failure of a gun-rights bill, the stalling of an immigration overhaul and the lack of progress on a budget deal, on top of the back-and-forth over whether to conduct airstrikes in Syria to punish the Assad regime for a poison gas attack that killed hundreds of civilians.The withdrawal of Mr. Summers also leaves great uncertainty around the selection of a new Fed chairman, one of the most important economic policy decisions Mr. Obama will make in his second term. The successor to Ben S. Bernanke, the current chair, will shape how much longer and harder the Fed pushes to boost economic growth and reduce unemployment. The next Fed chairman will play a leading role in determining how forcefully the government seeks to constrain the financial industry.White House officials have described Janet Yellen, the current vice chairwoman, as a finalist, and her candidacy has received widespread attention, but it remains unclear how seriously Mr. Obama is considering her. He does not know her well and White House aides have seemed unenthusiastic about her, despite the substantial support she enjoys from Democrats and outside economists.If Mr. Obama does not name her — or Timothy F. Geithner, the former Treasury Secretary and Fed official who is well-liked by the president but said to be uninterested in the job — many Fed watchers say they are uncertain where the president will turn.Mr. Bernanke plans to step down at the end of January, leaving ample time for the Senate to confirm a replacement, but the uncertainty has unsettled financial markets just as the Fed, which is beginning to retreat from its stimulus campaign, tries to assure investors that it will not move too quickly.In a statement released by the White House on Sunday afternoon, Mr. Obama said he had accepted the decision by his friend, whom he praised for helping to rescue the country from the financial crisis that peaked in 2008.“Larry was a critical member of my team as we faced down the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, and it was in no small part because of his expertise, wisdom and leadership that we wrestled the economy back to growth and made the kind of progress we are seeing today,” Mr. Obama said in the statement.He added: “I will always be grateful to Larry for his tireless work and service on behalf of his country, and I look forward to continuing to seek his guidance and counsel in the future.”The withdrawal ends an unusually public and contentious debate that began when the president declared in a televised interview in June that Mr. Bernanke would depart, opening the replacement process to public scrutiny before a nominee was even named.Mr. Summers had long been viewed by Mr. Obama and his economic advisers as Mr. Bernanke’s presumptive replacement.Mr. Obama and his advisers regarded Mr. Summers as a singular talent: an economist deeply steeped in economic theory, but intellectually nimble, with a gift for pragmatic problem-solving. Some of them believed those skills would be particularly important in the coming years as the Fed unwinds its huge stimulus campaign, an unprecedented effort with unknowable complications.But many Democrats who favor stricter regulation of the nation’s financial institutions have expressed concerns about Mr. Summers’s role in the Clinton administration’s opposition to regulating the derivatives market, a factor that many economists believe helped precipitate the 2008 market collapse. As the Treasury secretary to Mr. Clinton, Mr. Summers supported less oversight of derivatives, something Mr. Clinton has since said was bad advice.Opponents also cited Mr. Summers’s combative personality, which they described as a mismatch for the work of leading the Fed’s fractious policy-making committee, and the lingering concerns over his 2005 comments, as president of Harvard, suggesting that the dearth of female scientists stems partly from inherent differences between the genders.While Mr. Obama said repeatedly that he had not made a final decision, aides said privately that he trusted and respected Mr. Summers, a relationship forged in the crucible of the financial crisis. And Mr. Obama himself fueled Mr. Summers’s status as nominee in waiting by defending him to lawmakers and entertaining questions about him from the news media.But the long wait for an official announcement may have worked against Mr. Summers, allowing opposition to coalesce — and allowing other issues, like Syria, to strain the administration’s relationship with Congress.The White House had made some efforts to build support for Mr. Summers on Capitol Hill. Earlier this year Mr. Obama asked Rob Nabors, then his chief Congressional liaison, to work with Mr. Summers, and Mr. Summers himself sought meetings with a number of senators.But some congressional aides said White House officials had made little effort in recent weeks to solicit support for Mr. Summers from key senators — and that they seemed unaware of the depth of opposition.Senator Jon Tester, a Montana Democrat who sits on the crucial Senate Banking Committee, did not hear from the White House until Friday. It was not a long conversation. Asked whether he would be willing to vote for Mr. Summers, Mr. Tester simply said that he would not.Mr. Tester’s opposition was a critical blow. He is not a member of the group of liberal senators that had opposed Mr. Summers from the outset. Instead, his opposition showed that other constituencies, including rural lawmakers who support community banks, might also rally against Mr. Summers.It became clear to the administration that it would need more Republican support than it had anticipated just to get Mr. Summers’s nomination out of committee and presented to the full Senate. That meant cutting deals and making promises to Republican senators that the White House was unwilling to make.In a letter to the president, Mr. Summers said that he had “reluctantly concluded that any possible confirmation process for me would be acrimonious and would not serve the interests of the Federal Reserve, the administration or, ultimately, the interests of the nation’s ongoing economic recovery.”Mr. Summers’s withdrawal quickly reinvigorated supporters of Ms. Yellen, the Fed’s vice chairwoman since 2010. A central architect of the Fed’s efforts to stimulate the economy, she is seen by many liberal Democrats as sharing their commitment to stricter regulation of the financial system. She is also the preferred candidate of many economists who note the depth of her experience both as an academic economist and as a policy maker since the mid-1990s. She would be the first woman to lead a major central bank.But some of the president’s advisers argue that the Fed needs an outsider to shake up its thinking as it begins to retreat from its stimulus efforts. Some officials within the administration have expressed irritation for some time at what they see as a campaign by Ms. Yellen or at least on her behalf that unfairly maligned Mr. Summers. That irritation is a sign of her lack of strong standing at the White House.Ms. Yellen has frustrated some of her own supporters by her unwillingness to campaign, or to coordinate their efforts on her behalf. But some of those supporters played a crucial role in raising the concerns about Mr. Summers that proved to be decisive.The president also has interviewed Donald L. Kohn, Ms. Yellen’s predecessor as vice chairman, who has stronger relationships with some of the president’s advisers because of his work during the financial crisis. But he lacks the academic credentials of Ms. Yellen and has never served in a Democratic administration, raising concerns among Democrats who are eager to seize the first chance in two generations to install one of their own atop the central bank.The president long ago discussed the position with Mr. Geithner, who was president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York before joining the administration as Treasury secretary. But Mr. Geithner had stayed at Treasury for Mr. Obama’s full first term reluctantly. More recently, exhausted after five years of crisis management, at Treasury and the New York Fed, Mr. Geithner made clear to the president that this time he would not reconsider, officials close to both him and the president said.This is the second time in the last year that a candidate for one of the top positions in the Obama administration has withdrawn after resistance in the Senate seemed insurmountable. Susan E. Rice, who was a contender to become secretary of state, took herself out of the running after Republicans threatened to filibuster her nomination.But this time, it was members of the president’s own party who were going to make any confirmation process extremely difficult. Democrats on Capitol Hill said that this was a showdown they were hoping to avoid.“The truth is that it was unlikely he would have been confirmed by the Senate,” said Senator Bernard Sanders of Vermont.AdvertisementDo Not Sell The White House may not be able to afford to pay its interns.  While pressure has been mounting for President Obama to pay his interns, there could be a reason why the White House hasn't ponied up: It would cost more than $2.5 million a year.  That's about what the White House paid to give tours of 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., which were infamously halted in March due to forced spending cuts.  Related: White House urged to pay interns  The figure assumes Obama would pay his interns $9 an hour, the number he suggested the minimum wage should be raised to during his State of the Union address in January.  The White House has said it employs more than 300 interns each year, with 150 this summer alone, and "more than 100" in the fall and spring semesters. Each intern is expected to work 45 hours per week.  We assumed the White House would be paying 125 interns at $9 per hour for 50 weeks per year.  The figure can be taken two ways. On the one hand, it means the White House is getting $2.5 million of free work each year. On the other, it is a relatively large amount of money to shell out at a time when the White House is being forced to cut back on many expenses.  Related: Spending cuts likely deeper in 2014  That may give pause to the interns who are calling on Obama to set an example by paying them.  The Fair Pay Campaign, a grassroots lobby set to launch around Labor Day, has said that not paying interns creates a situation where only a privileged few can afford to work there -- it can cost several thousands of dollars to cover rent and other living expenses while not getting paid.  "If you want to break into these industries, you have to work for free," said Mikey Franklin, the leader of Fair Pay's charge. "That's not a reality for a lot of people who aren't upper middle class."  The White House was not immediately available for comment. 
        Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2019 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc.2019. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2019 and/or its affiliates.
        © 2020 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.
        
        CNN Sans™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News A man who spent a lifetime putting his name on things is rebranding himself as a number, and marketing experts are intrigued.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALSign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.Lawrence H. Summers, the former Treasury secretary and senior White House economic adviser, has withdrawn as a candidate for Federal Reserve chairman in a startling development that raises urgent questions about who will lead the central bank when Chairman Ben S. Bernanke steps down in four months.Summers withdrew after an intense uproar among liberal Democrats, women’s groups and other advocacy organizations against his potential nomination — a highly unusual assault on the candidate who President Obama favored for the job.Obama has said he is considering two other candidates for the post, Fed Vice Chairman Janet L. Yellen and former Fed vice chairman Don Kohn. But he was leaning toward picking Summers, people close to the White House say, and the economist’s decision to take his name out of the ring might lead Obama to pursue a wider range of candidates.Summers helped Obama navigate the depths of the financial crisis and recession, providing a degree of support that Obama has told aides he deeply valued. No official, with the possible exception of former Treasury secretary Timothy F. Geithner, did more to influence the president’s response to the traumatic events he faced at the beginning of his term, which Obama plans to highlight this week as he marks the fifth anniversary of the financial crisis.On Sunday, Summers telephoned the president to tell him he was withdrawing his name from consideration.“It has been a privilege to work with you since the beginning of your Administration as you led the nation through a severe recession into a sustained economic recovery,” Summers wrote in a letter to the president.He added: “This is a complex moment in our national life. I have reluctantly concluded that any possible confirmation process for me would be acrimonious and would not serve the interest of the Federal Reserve, the Administration, or ultimately, the interests of the nation’s ongoing economic recovery.”Obama accepted Summers’s decision, lauding him and saying that he planned to continue to consult his former adviser.“Larry was a critical member of my team as we faced down the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, and it was in no small part because of his expertise, wisdom and leadership that we wrestled the economy back to growth and made the kind of progress we are seeing today,” Obama said. “I will always be grateful to Larry for his tireless work and service on behalf of his country.”The decision marks a disappointing turn of events for the renowned economist, who had operated at the highest levels of academia and government. But he has been dogged by controversies. Summers has come under fire for his support for deregulating parts of the banking sector while he was Treasury secretary under President Bill Clinton. While president of Harvard University in 2005, he also sparked controversy for his comments on women’s aptitude in math and science.People close to the White House said Summers faced not only a rebellion among liberal Democrats but also other challenges, including a debate over whether to launch a military strike against Syria that stretched out the Fed process and gave more time for opposition to build.“It was just a perfect storm of bad timing,” said one person close to the White House, who requested anonymity in order to speak candidly about private deliberations. “It would have been absolute war, and the president would have had to spend all of his political capital. Larry decided not to drag him through it.”The contest for Fed chairman had taken on the form of a political campaign this summer, as allies of Summers and Yellen advanced their cases in the news media — and in behind-the-scenes whispering campaigns.A wide array of current and former Obama officials backed Summers, arguing that his crisis experience and economic prowess made him an exceptional candidate. Yellen’s supporters, meanwhile, noted that she has deep Fed experience and has been an architect of the central bank’s efforts to reduce unemployment.The drama started after word of Summers’s candidacy first circulated early this summer — when most Fed watchers thought Yellen would be appointed. Liberals on Capitol Hill, as well as a wide array of economists, erupted. They said he had a brusque personality that would be problematic at the Fed.Summers’s allies took to the media, noting that he was an architect of the president’s push for tough financial regulations after the crisis and couldn’t be so difficult to work with if he had garnered the support of so many of his White House colleagues. When questioned on Capitol Hill, Obama made many of the same points in defense of his former adviser. But given the heated opposition, Obama decided to announce publicly that he would wait until the fall to make a decision, hoping to buy time and cool tensions.Some former administration officials say, in retrospect, that the White House got the strategy wrong. While the noise from Capitol Hill died down for a while — and Senate leadership privately told the White House it would do all it could to get Summers through — key voices in the opposition grew louder.In the past week, Democratic Sens. Jon Tester (Mont.) and Sherrod Brown (Ohio), members of the banking committee, which would have had to endorse Summers, announced that they would vote against him. Another committee Democrat, Sen. Jeff Merkely (Ore.), had said long ago that he would oppose Summers, and it was widely assumed that Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) would have joined them as well.That would have meant that Obama would have had to court Republicans to get Summers confirmed — a difficult task at the same time he would be trying to strip away Republican support for a deal to keep the government open and raise the federal borrowing limits.“The truth is that it was unlikely he would have been confirmed by the Senate,” said Sen. Bernard Sanders (I-Vt.), a liberal who said he would have voted against Summers if he was approved by the Senate banking committee.Obama is now short on time to make a nomination, given that the Senate often takes a few months for confirmation. While some speculated Sunday that Obama might turn to Geithner, a person close to the former Treasury secretary said he does not want to be considered.The decision may give a lift to markets, which were concerned about the uncertainty surrounding the Fed nomination process and the perception that Summers would have been less supportive of the Fed’s efforts to reduce unemployment.“This news should be positive for the markets,” said Millan Mulraine, director of U.S. rates research at TD Securities. “We could see a rally.”Summers’s friends expressed regret that the perception of him has been more caricature than reality, arguing that he would have pushed the Fed strongly to reduce unemployment and to demand more transparency in the financial system. All those now-apologetic liberals who supported the war in 2003 are a big part of this story, because without their hawkishness there would have been no antiwar rebellion on the left — no Michael Moore and Howard Dean, no Daily Kos and all its “netroots” imitators.You'll excuse me if I don't send Bush a thank you note.More punditry after the break...Elisabeth Rosenthal looks at the difference between the potential of renewables and the path we're on.This mantra, repeated on TV ads and in political debates, is punctuated with a tinge of inevitability and regret. But, increasingly, scientific research and the experience of other countries should prompt us to ask: To what extent will we really “need” fossil fuel in the years to come? To what extent is it a choice? ...“It’s absolutely not true that we need natural gas, coal or oil — we think it’s a myth,” said Mark Z. Jacobson, a professor of civil and environmental engineering and the main author of the study, published in the journal Energy Policy. “You could power America with renewables from a technical and economic standpoint. The biggest obstacles are social and political — what you need is the will to do it.”The Army is suspending tuition assistance for soldiers hoping to enroll in classes, while scholarship funds have been curtailed for children of troops who were killed in combat. ...Still, not everyone who depends on the federal government is suffering in these austere times.According to the Wall Street Journal, the USDA is on the verge of purchasing 400,000 tons of sugar in a massive bailout of domestic sugar processors. The move would cost taxpayers about $80 million.Heavy campaign contributions are spread among Democrats and Republicans alike. Barack Obama took money from the sugar industry, as did Mitt Romney. Hefty donations went to both of Florida’s senators, Bill Nelson and Marco Rubio.Every time somebody in Congress tries to kill the sugar subsidy, the measure gets voted down — by some of the same lawmakers who love to rail against public spending on welfare benefits, health care and education.The complaints from Democrats, who never wanted the sequester to go into effect, were predictable. But some of the complaining comes from Republicans who welcomed the sequester as an overdue act of belt-tightening.Tea Party Rep. Steve Stockman (R-Texas) has decried cuts to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, which he called "one of the few legitimate functions of government." (The Johnson Space Center, with about 3,000 civilian employees, happens to be in his Houston-area district.) The sequester, Stockman warned, could put all Americans in danger — by hampering NASA's work to protect the Earth from asteroids.Paul Krugman examines another small instance of the Rand-ification of the right.All through the 2012 campaign we were lectured about the evils of “attacking success“, which was defined as any criticism of how a wealthy individual got that way. But as soon as they think they spot an opening, right-wingers go ahead and … attack success.But remember, while a little ranting can be good for you, a lot is not.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartWith President Obama set to precipitate a constitutional crisis over the upcoming debt ceiling, Republicans in Congress must now stand up to the bullying commander in chief. Yesterday, after the fiscal cliff had been passed through Congress, President Obama claimed victory. “Just recently,” he told supporters, “Republicans in Congress said they’d never agree to raise tax rates on the wealthiest Americans. We’ve now raised those rates, permanently, making our tax code more progressive than it’s been in decades.”But more important than Obama’s triumphalism was his insistence that he will not – repeat, will not – negotiate over the debt ceiling. At all. “While I will negotiate over many things,” Obama said, “I will not have another debate with this Congress over whether or not they should pay the bills that they’ve already racked up through the laws that they passed.” Of course, Obama has racked up those bills, and it is he who refuses to pay the freight with any cuts whatsoever. But now he’s declaring the unilateral authority to avoid discussing the debt ceiling. “What the president was saying was, ‘I’m not going to play chicken with the debt limit,'” said Jen Psaki, Obama’s spokeswoman.Under the Constitution of the United States, the House of Representatives has the power of the purse strings. It is Congress that decides whether or not to incur more debt, not the president. And yet Obama has essentially stated that he will not stand for any negotiation surrounding that Congressional power.That’s tyrannical. But unlike in the past, the Democrats in Congress are willing to go along with such systemic perversion. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has shown himself quite willing to give Obama unlimited power to raise the debt ceiling. So the question now is whether Republicans will stand strong against this unconstitutional aggression from President Obama. In 2011, Republicans in Congress caved, and ended up with the pathetic fiscal cliff proposal that set up massive tax increases and an across-the-board cut. Then they made that cave complete in order to avoid those default tax increases.Now, however, they have a second chance to stand tall. But they will have to stand together, and they will have to hold Obama’s feet to the fire. The issue of the debt ceiling is about more than spending. It is about whether we have a Constitutional system worth preserving, or whether the President should be allowed to run roughshod over it. Speaker of the House John Boehner has been re-elected — and in achieving re-election, he has given himself a second bite at an apple he missed in 2011, during that disastrous debt ceiling debate. The time for compromise is finished. Our thug president ended it. Republicans must realize that, and act accordingly.Ben Shapiro is Editor-At-Large of Breitbart News, and author of the upcoming book “Bullies: How the Left’s Culture of Fear and Intimidation Silences America” (Threshold Editions, January 8, 2013).PoliticsCongressPoliticoSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartThe organization is calling on Congress to conduct “substantive” investigative hearings in the wake of recent reports that senior IRS officials knew in 2011 exactly what was going on, despite initial claims that local “low-level” employees were the only ones involved in targeting conservatives.Tea Party Patriots co-founder Jenny Beth Martin said that on Friday “we learned that the IRS lied to Congress and the American citizens when Douglas Schulman said there was ‘absolutely no targeting’ of Tea Party groups who applied for nonprofit status.” Martin was referencing Schulman’s March 2012 Congressional testimony.Today we are learning that the IRS lied when they said that only “low-level employees” were to blame for outrageous and egregious overreach and abuse of power. The AP is reporting in June 2011, IRS division head Lois Lerner instructed employees to change the criteria for “flagging groups ‘immediately'” and in August 2011 “the IRS” Rulings and Agreements office “held a meeting with chief counsel so that everyone would have the latest information.”  A Saturday report by the Associated Press, citing a draft of a forthcoming Inspector General report, found that “senior Internal Revenue Service officials knew agents were targeting Tea Party groups as early as 2011.” The AP notes that this report’s findings “seemingly contradicts public statements by the IRS commissioner.”On Friday, the IRS admitted to targeting conservative and Tea Party groups and apologized for the behavior. But with this new information, Martin said her organization “rejects the apology from the Internal Revenue Service.”“It appears the IRS committed crimes and violated our ability to exercise our First Amendment Right to Free Speech,” Martin said. “A simple apology is not sufficient reparation for violating the Constitutional rights of United States citizens.”In the release, Martin said Tea Party Patriots is “encouraged to hear that Congress plans to investigate. Those responsible must be held accountable and must resign or be terminated for their actions.”  Martin also asked conservative grassroots activists “around the country to help us with two things.”First, she asked activists to help make sure “that the hearings in Congress are substantive and get to the bottom of this scandal to reveal how deep it runs, how many other lies the IRS has told related to the these tactics, and what will be done to insure no other group of citizens is so unfairly discriminated against solely because they are speaking out against rampant government.” She called on members to “call your Member of Congress and both of your Senators to let them know that we must get to the bottom of this scandal.”Second, she said Tea Party Patriots needs to “hear from you if you or your local group has felt intimidated by the IRS actions over the last 4 years.” Are you part of a local group who applied for tax-exempt status? What is the status of that application?  Did you set out to form a group but were so intimidated by the IRS tactics that you abandoned that goal and wound up participating only as individuals rather than incorporating and coordinating activity with other groups?Martin provided a website for conservatives to use to submit any stories of abuse, available here.PoliticsAssociated PressCongressTea Party Patriots.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byBy Jonathan WeismanWASHINGTON — Michael Froman, a longtime White House economic aide nominated to be President Obama’s trade representative, has nearly half a million dollars in a fund based in the Cayman Islands, according to financial documents provided to the Senate Finance Committee.Mr. Froman also received millions of dollars to divest himself from Wall Street investments that rely on a tax loophole that Mr. Obama has sought to close, the documents show.A White House spokesman, Bobby Whithorne, said Mr. Froman did not receive a benefit from that loophole, known as “carried interest.”Republicans on the Finance Committee, however, said they planned to accuse Mr. Obama of hypocrisy for making the elimination of such tax loopholes a centerpiece of his re-election campaign while promoting Mr. Froman for the position of United States trade representative.“When he was first elected, the president said tax avoidance through international tax havens forced ordinary Americans to ‘pick up the slack,’ ” said Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and a Finance Committee member. “He railed against fat cats who avoid taxes offshore.”Mr. Grassley linked Mr. Froman’s financial issues with matters that arose during Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew’s confirmation this year and have also drawn questions for his nominee for commerce secretary, the affluent businesswoman Penny Pritzker.White House officials said Mr. Froman played no role in creating, managing or operating the investment funds and had done nothing wrong.“Mike Froman has paid every penny of his taxes and reported all of the income, gains and losses from the investment on his tax returns,” Mr. Whithorne said.Mr. Froman, 50, a former investment manager at Citigroup, has been with the Obama White House since the beginning, serving as the president’s representative and negotiator at major economic gatherings like the summit meetings of the Group of 20 industrialized nations.According to a 2011 financial document, Mr. Froman held $490,845 in a fund managed by Citigroup and based in Grand Cayman’s Ugland House, a modest whitewashed building that has been widely cited as a symbol of tax avoidance since it is home to nearly 19,000 business entities seeking favorable tax treatment.In answers to Finance Committee questions, Mr. Froman said on May 17 that he still held those assets but would sell them off within 90 days of confirmation as trade representative.Mr. Grassley said the president once called the Ugland House “the biggest tax scam in the world.”“Yet he nominated two top advisers in a row who invested in the Ugland House,” Mr. Grassley said. “He also nominated a commerce secretary with significant offshore income.”Mr. Froman’s 2009 financial disclosure forms showed holdings in three different Citigroup accounts that maximize profits through “carried interest,” a tax loophole that allows private equity and hedge fund managers to claim compensation as capital gains, thus paying a lower tax rate than if that pay is taxed as income.Mr. Froman received a $2 million payout from Citigroup to waive his holdings in the India Infrastructure Carried Interest Plan and from another investment called the Sustainable Investments Carry LP. Another account, Citi Infrastructure Investors Carried LP, showed $1 million to $5 million in assets in 2009. Those assets were transferred to his wife, Nancy Goodman, who has promised to divest them as soon as he is confirmed. But White House officials say their value in his latest financial disclosure was revised to zero because of fund performance.As the financial industry went into a tailspin, Mr. Froman received a bonus in 2008 of $2.75 million, based on his performance the year before. In 2009, his bonus for 2008 work was $2.25 million. The justification for these bonuses given to the committee was “normal industry practice.”White House officials acknowledged the compensation Mr. Froman received to divest himself of accounts under the terms of his severance agreement with Citigroup. But, they said, that compensation was taxed as ordinary income, not capital gains.The Obama White House has been trying to close the carried interest loophole since its first budget proposal in 2009, asking Congress to begin taxing such payments as ordinary income. So far, Congress has refused.It is not clear whether Mr. Froman’s holdings will damage his chance at confirmation. But they could put Democrats in an difficult position. Senator Sherrod Brown, Democrat of Ohio and an economic populist, said he already was prepared to ask Mr. Froman tough questions about administration trade policies he does not like, especially efforts to expand trade agreements around the Pacific Rim.Senator Max Baucus, Democrat of Montana, the Finance Committee chairman, was less than effusive in his defense of Mr. Froman.“Frankly it doesn’t bother me in the sense that he apparently didn’t break any laws anywhere, but it does highlight the need for tax reform,” he saidAdvertisementTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.House Speaker John Boehner says he won't negotiate legislation with the presidentZelizer: House GOP won't acknowledge Obama's mandate, Boehner not in control of caucusNavarrette: Obama needs to stop practicing "defiance politics," needs to lead Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell could be instrumental in upcoming battles
  If all the recent wrangling over the fiscal cliff has revealed anything, it’s how tense and strained President Obama’s relationship is with Republicans in Congress.  

  Borger: Fiscal cliff was bound to collapse

  And Obama’s relationship with Congress reached yet another low Thursday when House Speaker John Boehner confirmed to CNN that he has told House Republicans he will no longer negotiate legislative deals with the president.

  And in an opinion piece on Thursday, Sen. John Cornyn of Texas faulted the president for all the fiscal brinksmanship since 2010. The new No. 2 Senate Republican also suggested that “[i]t may be necessary to partially shut down the government in order to secure the long-term fiscal well being of our country.”

  Low bar for new Congress 

  In the White House’s relationship with Capitol Hill, “the real negative is clearly that the relationship with House Republicans is as bad as ever,” CNN contributor and Princeton University historian Julian Zelizer said, adding that the House GOP refuses to acknowledge any mandate from Obama after November’s election.  

  “They are going to fight the president tooth and nail,” Zelizer said, a problem made worse by the fact that Boehner “is not in control” of House Republicans, particularly the contingent of fiscal conservatives brought to Washington by support from the tea party movement.  

  Zelizer: GOP faces choice – leadership or gridlock? 

  CNN contributor Ruben Navarrette Jr. said Obama’s strained relationship with congressional Republicans dates back to the contentious debate over Obama’s signature health care legislation, where the president showed his willingness to push through major proposals and major legislation without consulting them.  

  “He is so good at the business of politics that he’s really outmaneuvered them,” Navarrette observed about Obama’s relationship with Republicans over the past four years.

  Navarrette: The real issue is runaway spending

  The already difficult relationship isn’t helped by unique issues on each side. 

  The GOP has been struggling to define itself and its message in tough economic times amidst twin concerns about government spending and income inequality.  

  Zelizer: What the tea party cost the GOP

  And buoyed by his electoral success in 2008, legislative successes in the first half of his first term and by winning a second term, Obama adopted a take-it-or-leave-it attitude with Republicans, even as the nation teetered on the edge of the fiscal cliff. 

  “My preference would have been to solve these problems in the context of a larger agreement, a bigger deal, a grand bargain. But with this Congress, that was obviously a little too much to hope for at this time,” Obama said Monday afternoon at a White House event that at moments seemed like a campaign gathering.

  At the same event, Obama also warned the GOP about expected battles over spending cuts in the coming months.

  “Now, if Republicans think that I will finish the job of deficit reduction through spending cuts alone,” Obama said, “[I]f they think that’s going to be the formula for how we solve this thing, then they’ve got another thing coming. That’s not how it’s going to work.” Rather, Obama declared “it’s going to have to be a matter of shared sacrifice, at least as long as I’m president. And I’m going to be president for the next four years.” 

  Obama’s recent post-election trash talking directed at Congress is “defiance politics” that misunderstands what it means to win an election, Navarrette said. 

  The president’s recent comments are like “an end zone dance, a celebration” or, in the world of mixed martial arts competition, like “putting your foot on the other guy’s neck and holding your hand up in the air,” after you’ve felled your opponent, according to Navarrette.

  Instead of taking every opportunity to remind Republicans that he won (and they lost) last November, Obama needs to realize that “with winning elections comes the responsibility to lead,” Navarrette said.  As the person in whom the public has placed its trust and confidence, “your burdens are much greater (than your losing opponent’s).”

  Democrats counter that Obama hasn’t had anyone to make a deal with.

  “When John Boehner comes to the table and he can’t even bring his deputy or his third in command to vote for the deal that he is agreeing to, I think you’ve got a real crisis of leadership in the House,” former White House press secretary Bill Burton said.

  Debt Ceiling: Welcome to Fight Club

  “And so the president showed that even in that case, he can get a deal that moves the ball forward for the country, but going forward, you just wonder, how much control does Boehner have over the folks in the House and what kind of deals are we going to be able to get?”

  For all his recent public swagger when it comes to Congress, Obama “really does compromise a lot,” said Zelizer. For example, Zelizer pointed out that during recent negotiations over the fiscal cliff, the president changed his position substantially on the income threshold for eliminating the Bush tax cuts. 

  While he says he doesn’t think there’s much more Obama can do publicly to smooth over the differences with House Republicans, Zelizer said that Obama can’t let stand Boehner’s declaration that he’s abandoning any more legislative deal-making with the White House. The president would be wise to try to work behind the scenes to keep Boehner “in the fold and maintain some sort of relationship” with the speaker. 

  And Zelizer noted an encouraging pattern in the recent fiscal brinksmanship between Congress and the president.  

  After negotiations between Boehner and Obama broke down, “(Senate Minority Leader Mitch) McConnell stepped up and put the deal together,” observed Zelizer, who added the Senate could take the lead again in working out agreements on things like handling automatic spending cuts put off by this week’s fiscal cliff deal and likely upcoming battles over the debt ceiling and funding the federal government. 

  Zelizer noted that after McConnell negotiated a deal with Vice President Joe Biden, Boehner allowed House Republicans to entertain an alternative that would have included more spending cuts, an alternative which never made it to a vote because fiscal conservatives couldn’t muster a majority in the House GOP to support its passage.  

  Ultimately, Boehner kept his pledge to Democratic leaders in Congress to put the Senate’s deal up for a House vote. By making the pledge before the terms of the Senate deal were even set, Zelizer said, Boehner sent a signal to House Republicans that they were going to lose the battle over the fiscal cliff even if they didn’t like the Senate deal.

  The maneuvers by McConnell and Boehner suggest a path forward if repeated, according to Zelizer, because if GOP leaders continue not to obstruct Democrats as they try to move forward with legislation, that could help bring around tea party Republicans in the House. 

  Tea party calls for consequences after fiscal cliff vote

  In order to improve their relationship with the White House, Navarette said Republicans “have to fix what’s broken in their own party, they have to heal the divisions in their own party … and define what the GOP is about.”  

  Boehner re-elected speaker in midst of public defections

  Calling it “a miracle” that Boehner was re-elected as speaker, Navarette said the GOP must also decide which role it wants to play in Obama’s second term. Will they try to be accommodating and try to work with the president to find solutions to problems, including some problems Republican donors and the Republican establishment wants fixed? Or will they play the proverbial loyal opposition?   

  Both are “not terribly attractive options” for the GOP, Navarette said, especially up against a masterful political strategist like Obama.  

  And Navarrette suggests that the sports-loving and competitive Obama invite top Republicans over to the White House for his annual Super Bowl watching party in order to build personal relationships across the aisle in Congress.  

  For Obama, moderating his triumphal, defiant approach when it comes to Republicans and Congress is also important because, Navarette points out, gun control and immigration reform are both high on Obama’s second term agenda. And there are strong feelings on the part of conservatives and Obama’s liberal base on both issues.

  Politics in 2013: 5 things to watch for 

  Obama talks about ‘worst day of my presidency,’ goals for next term

  On the fiscal issues where Obama has repeatedly clashed with Capitol Hill Republicans in the past two years, Zelizer warns that recent events could repeat themselves.   

  “It’s going to be rough, going to be tough, we’re going to see this issue recur again and again over the years,” the historian said.

  Indeed, both Obama and McConnell, the GOP’s new lead fiscal negotiator, already seem to be playing out a familiar script.

  3 more fiscal cliffs loom 

  The last fiscal battle barely over, Obama wasted no time late Tuesday night staking out his position in the battles to come.

  After saying “I am very open to compromise,” the president went on to fire a shot over Congress’ bow in the likely fight in February over raising the debt ceiling.  “[W]hile I will negotiate over many things, I will not have another debate with this Congress over whether or not they should pay the bills that they’ve already racked up through the laws that they passed,” Obama declared, “Let me repeat: We can’t not pay bills that we’ve already incurred.”  

  McConnell quickly fired back.

  “The president may not want to have a fight about government spending over the next few months, but it’s the fight he is going to have, because it’s a debate the country needs,” McConnell wrote in a Yahoo op-ed published Wednesday night, adding that Obama “must show up” and deliver a serious plan for slashing federal spending. 

  “That’s the debate the American people really want. It’s a debate Republicans are ready to have. And it’s the debate that starts today, whether the president wants it or not,” McConnell wrote.

  Although he has sworn off direct negotiations with Obama, Boehner echoed McConnell’s remarks on Friday.

  “With the cliff behind us, the focus turns to spending,” Boehner told House Republicans. 

  CNN’s Jim Acosta, Jessica Yellin, Dana Bash, Deidre Walsh, Ted Barrett, Paul Steinhauser, Gabriella Schwarz, Halimah Abdullah, Ben Brumfield, Steve Almasy and CNNMoney’s Rich Barbieri contributed to this report.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.Joy Reid at The Grio reports that the Heritage Foundation, the uber-rightwing think tank that Jim DeMint left the Senate to head up, just sent this letter to Speaker Boehner and Eric Cantor:For the first time, the activities of the Obama administration are receiving a sustained public vetting.  Americans’ outrage over Benghazi is amplified by the Internal Revenue Service’s intimidation of conservative grassroots organizations and a cascade of negative headlines.  There is the real sense the Obama administration has been less than forthright with the American people, the press and lawmakers.Recent events have rightly focused the nation’s attention squarely on the actions of the Obama administration. It is incumbent upon the House of Representatives to conduct oversight hearings on those actions, but it would be imprudent to do anything that shifts the focus from the Obama administration to the ideological differences within the House Republican Conference.To that end, we urge you to avoid bringing any legislation to the House Floor that could expose or highlight major schisms within the conference. Legislation such as the Internet sales tax or the FARRM Act which contains nearly $800 billion in food stamp spending, would give the press a reason to shift their attention away from the failures of the Obama administration to write another “circular firing squad” article.Make no mistake, principled conservatives will still oppose bad policy if it comes to the floor.  Rather than scheduling such legislation for consideration, we urge you to keep the attention focused squarely on the Obama administration. As the public’s trust in their government continues to erode, it is incumbent upon those of us who support a smaller, less intrusive government to lead.Sincerely,Michael A. Needham
Chief Executive Officer
Heritage Action for Americahttp://thegrio.com/...Good luck with that strategy, Goposaurs! It doesn't look treasonous or anything.We've assumed for a while that this was the Republican strategy, but to have it spelled out like this in a letter from the most influential Republican research group to the leaders of the House of Representatives, is kind of a big deal. It would almost be funny if it weren't causing so much nation-wide misery.UPDATE 1:It appears other GOP big-shots may have gotten the same memo. Here is the first sentence of tomorrow's WSJ op-ed by the creepy Peggy Noonan:And here's Charlie Cook, going even one step more psycho in a National Journal piece that posted online late Thursday:Meanwhile, everyone in Washington will watch polls for signs of blood in the water, indications that the controversies or scandals—depending upon your perspective—are taking a political toll on Obama’s job-approval numbers....For now, we just watch and wait to see which one—or more—of these issues takes on legs. If none does, will it be something else? History says something always happens in the second term.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL The state's Democratic dysfunction spilled into the courts Tuesday as Illinois' two top legislative leaders filed a lawsuit challenging Gov. Pat Quinn's decision to withhold lawmakers' paychecks until they send him a measure to overhaul the highly indebted government worker pension system. House Speaker Michael Madigan and Senate President John Cullerton cast the issue as a Civics 101 lesson, arguing that denying pay undermines the separation of powers between the executive and legislative branches. The two Chicago Democrats want a Cook County judge to overturn Quinn's action and grant an injunction forcing Comptroller Judy Baar Topinka to issue paychecks — with interest if there's a delay. The first check lawmakers are scheduled to miss would be cut Thursday. "If the governor's line-item veto is upheld, the independence of each member of the General Assembly is forever compromised. Any governor will hold a trump card over a co-equal branch of government, attempting to bend the members of the General Assembly to his or her will with the threat of eliminating their salaries, which for some legislators is their only source of income," the lawsuit states. "In this particular instance, Governor Quinn has stated that his dispute with the General Assembly is over the lack of pension reform legislation. Next time it may be gun control, abortion rights or tax policy," the suit states. Frustrated after nearly two years of unsuccessfully pushing for pension changes, Quinn used his veto powers this month to strip $13.8 million from the budget that was set aside for legislative salaries. He argues that lawmakers aren't doing their jobs when they fail to solve the retirement system problem, and therefore shouldn't be paid. The governor stuck to that stance Tuesday, calling the suit "just plain wrong" and declaring that he is ready to "defend the interest of Illinois taxpayers in the courts." "If legislators had put forth the same effort to draw up a pension reform agreement that they did in crafting this lawsuit, pension reform could have been done by now," Quinn said in a statement. "Legislators should not be rewarded for an endless cycle of promises, excuses, delay and inertia on the pension problem." For Quinn, who's seeking re-election next year, there's little political downside. Even if he loses the lawsuit, he's positioned to burnish his image as the populist governor using every trick to beat the state's politicians into sending him legislation that will cut the $100 billion pension debt. Zeroing out lawmakers' pay also is a sign that Quinn may have written off the General Assembly sending him a pension reform bill anytime soon. Inside the Capitol, the move amounts to war, and lawmakers consider it a cheap stunt. Madigan and Cullerton can't agree on what form pension changes should take, but they shared a common goal in suing Quinn: affording their Democratic lawmakers a measure of political insulation. Voting to override Quinn's veto of their paychecks could have been used against them in next year's House and Senate races. Republicans — out of power and looking for a political boost — are happy to cheer on Democrats as their public spats highlight the deadlock. Neither House Republican leader Tom Cross or Senate Republican leader Christine Radogno's names are on the suit. Cross said he turned down Madigan when asked if his caucus wanted to join the lawsuit, saying it's an internal battle among Democrats and that it is distracting from the efforts of a special legislative committee appointed to broker a solution. "We are looking at complete dysfunction," said Cross, of Oswego. "I'm going to stay focused on getting pension reforms done. I don't want to get into the middle of a civil war in the Democratic Party." Quinn, whose salary is $177,412 a year, is voluntarily giving up his pay until the pension issue is resolved. Base pay for lawmakers is $67,836, though most earn thousands more through stipends for serving in party leadership or heading various legislative committees. Some lawmakers are better equipped to deal with a lack of pay than others. Technically, serving as an Illinois legislator is a part-time vocation. The idea is to allow lawmakers to continue to hold other jobs to create a General Assembly composed of citizens who are still deeply connected to the communities they represent. Indeed, many have other paying jobs, including some who draw income from the city. Those outside jobs can be quite lucrative, as in the case of Madigan, whose law firm has become a go-to in the field of commercial property tax appeals. Other lawmakers contend they won't be able to pay their bills, arguing that serving as a legislator is a full-time job that demands more than showing up in Springfield for six months a year. "I have a daughter, I'm not married, I don't have any other income," said Sen. Iris Martinez, D-Chicago. "It's not right for the governor to play around with people's livelihoods, especially those of us who are dedicated public servants. Who is going to pay my mortgage now?" In a nod to the political pickle, Quinn's attorneys argue that the lawsuit is premature because lawmakers have not yet tried to exercise their right to override the governor's salary veto. Aides for the legislative leaders contend that an override would only legitimize Quinn's action as an appropriate use of his power, hence the need for the court to weigh in. More than just a semantic argument over the separation of powers between the governor and the General Assembly, the lawsuit symbolizes a long-standing fight between the Democratic governor and the leaders of the Democrat-controlled legislature. Madigan and Cullerton repeatedly have shown little deference to the governor, often taking taxation, budget-making and other critical issues into their own hands with little involvement by Quinn. The legal arguments on both sides revolve around sections of the state's 1970 constitution that include the governor's veto powers and the legislative branch, as well as two previous Illinois Supreme Court rulings dealing with state paychecks. Under the constitution, the governor has the power to "reduce or veto any item of appropriations in a bill presented to him." At the same time, the constitution says a lawmaker "shall receive a salary and allowances as provided by law, but changes in the salary of a member shall not take effect during the term for which he has been elected." Quinn has maintained that his legal authority to halt lawmakers' pay came, ironically, from a lawsuit he lost in 1985. The suit tried to challenge the system that once determined legislative compensation. Quinn contended that the state Supreme Court upheld the governor's "veto power" over "any" item of spending in that case. In a legal analysis, the governor's lawyers also cite a 2004 state Supreme Court decision that overturned an effort by then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich to use his veto power to eliminate cost-of-living increases for judges. Lawyers for Quinn, who was Blagojevich's running mate, contended judicial salaries were protected from a governor's veto in a way that other state salaries were not. The lawsuit filed Tuesday by Madigan and Cullerton argued that Quinn's pay veto unconstitutionally threatened the independence of the legislature from the governor. Lawyers for the two Democratic leaders argued that the state high court noted in its case on judicial salaries that "avoiding" concentrating governmental powers in one political body "was seen by the founding fathers as essential to freedom and liberty." Beyond the legal rhetoric, Madigan and Cullerton allege that while Quinn vetoed out specific budget lines for the base salary of each lawmaker, he left intact in the budget bill the lump sum of $11.7 million for individual salaries. They also contend that while Quinn vetoed out individual budget lines for additional pay for party leaders and ranking committee members, he left untouched another line for the lump sum of $2.1 million in spending for those titles. Because budget items that Quinn did not reduce or veto automatically become law, Madigan and Cullerton argue the $13.8 million in lump sums provide the spending authority for the court to order Republican Comptroller Topinka to issue legislative paychecks. Last week, Topinka said Attorney General Lisa Madigan's office advised her not to process lawmakers' pay. Speaker Madigan and Cullerton asked Lisa Madigan for outside lawyers, but Quinn's office has yet to specify whether it wants the attorney general's office or outside counsel to defend against the suit, an attorney general's spokeswoman said. Attorney General Madigan could be put in the position of arguing against her father as he sues over his paycheck. Members of the special legislative committee searching for a pension funding solution have said Quinn's decision to cut their pay will not affect the timeline under which they are operating. They argue that pension reform is a complex issue, and say they are in the process of running various scenarios past budget experts to determine what plan can bring about the most savings but also get enough votes to pass and withstand an inevitable court challenge. To that end, public employee unions used Tuesday's lawsuit to bolster their argument against sweeping retirement changes, noting that the state's constitution doesn't just protect the pay of lawmakers but also the retirement benefits of employees who have loyally paid into the system even as politicians skipped payments. "Lawmakers must not cherry-pick or apply a double standard in determining what parts of the constitution should be defended," the We Are One Illinois coalition said. "They shouldn't adhere to the constitution only when it's convenient." mcgarcia@tribune.com rap30@aol.com rlong@tribune.com Twitter @moniquegarciaCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune Oh yeah, there's a new sheriff in town.Previous diaries have illuminated the sputtering non-responses of regulators (Comptroller of Currency, SEC, etc.) to Sen. Warren's (sort of rhetorical) questions, who were not able to say when they had taken any banker to trial.But the true sign that her line of questioning struck a nerve with bankers accustomed to the comfy status quo, was in the immediate, terrified howling pushback by numerous banking executives - who refuse to come out into the open and identify themselves, rather remain anonymous.Elizabeth Warren asked why banks traded below book value while most corporations trade above book value. She proposed some possible explanations:As one top bank executive (who refused to identify himself and stand by his words)  explained in an angry email to Politico's Morning Money, Sen. Warren is just plain wrong!Thankfully, as Greg Sargent writes, Democrats in the Senate and progressive institutions are refusing to concede the point. And whether they actually hope to embarrass Republicans into passing a new extension of benefits, or whether the only expectation is to use the issue to turn public opinion even further against a heartless Republican Party, the efforts involved look like they will be extensive.Please read below the fold for more on the fight over unemployment benefits.There may also be a second round of ads launched when Congress returns in early January. The ads — backed by a “significant” buy, a source says — will be run by Americans United for Change. Other groups involved in the broader campaign include the National Employment Law project, AFSCME, the AFL-CIO, SEIU, and UAW.2) House Democrats are planning a big push in local media, with the goal of using local coverage to dramatize how constituents in Republican districts will be impacted by the expiration of benefits. This is hyper-granular stuff: I’m told Ways and Means Committee Dems are collecting county-by-county data on the number of people who will be kicked off benefits, and pushing local press outlets to reflect these numbers in their coverage.
The idea is to make it harder for individual lawmakers to escape the direct consequences, in their districts, of failing to renew benefits, bringing it home ...3) Liberal groups are drawing up lists of House Republicans who are both vulnerable and reside in states where unemployment is high. The targeting of them will take various forms, such as conference calls — directed at local media in their states and districts — that feature people who are losing benefits.Meanwhile, labor unions are planning events in states, and liberal groups are planning polls on unemployment benefits in both marginal districts and nationally. Results should be released next week.Without question, maintaining food stamps and unemployment benefits is an unqualified good. But there is room for debate on whether focusing on the safety net nearly exclusively is harming the liberal project at large. At the New York Times, Thomas Edsall cribs substantially from a post by Roosevelt Institute Fellow Mike Konczal to argue that doubling down on the "social safety net" strategy actually detracts from the progressive agenda at large:Konczal’s poignant description of the problem goes a long way toward explaining the current struggles of the left. The question is whether there is an effective worker empowerment strategy at a time of globalization, offshoring and robotization.Insofar as Democrats concentrate the bulk of their efforts on means-tested transfer programs (on the extension of long-term unemployment benefits, Medicaid and food stamps, for example), they leave the most needy and vulnerable to the vagaries of public opinion.Survey data find that during hard times people become less altruistic and more inclined to see the poor as undeserving. They turn to the right, not the left, in periods of economic stress.Edsall concludes:The shift of the Democratic Party from economic to “pity-charity” liberalism has put the entire liberal project in danger. It has increased its vulnerability to conservative challenge and left it without a base of politically mobilized supporters. Progressives are now dependent on the fragile possibility that inequality and socioeconomic immobility will push the social order to the breaking point and force the political system to respond.Edsall is correct that the political power of the bottom half of the economic spectrum has been gutted and hollowed out; that we have lost a political movement and a political vehicle at the nationwide level. At the local level, however, there are signs of coalescence as minimum wage increases take hold across the country, and as fast food strikes spring up organically across the country. And in Senator Elizabeth Warren, we have one nationwide leader who is willing to not just defend the social safety net, but put fundamental economic reform at the top of her agenda.The progressive movement is starting to see the energy and leadership necessary to stop simply playing defense, and start advocating for an empowerment agenda that can reverse the decades of squeezing and fracturing endured by the middle class. The question is whether we can sustain enough organizational strength to capitalize at both the local and the federal level and bring about the type of fundamental economic change we need.We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartI have seen more powerful men than Barack Obama fall. I worked in South Africa during Thabo Mbeki’s presidency, when the ruling African National Congress (ANC) won 70% of the vote and earned the power to change his country’s constitution unilaterally. In 2005, I watched from the gallery as he told Parliament he was dismissing his deputy, Jacob Zuma, over allegations of corruption stemming from a lucrative arms deal.Two years later, Mbeki was ousted by his party and forced to resign his presidency of the country. Zuma is now president, and the ruling party is both fractured by rivalries and weakened by the growing strength of the opposition Democratic Alliance. The growing current of dissent in South Africa is not, primarily, over principles or policies but over clashes over the spoils of power in a time of economic stagnation and turmoil.President Obama holds unprecedented sway over his own party–and yet the first signs of internal tension are already bursting into the open. The news that he has turned his campaign into a permanent, non-profit organizing outfit to push for his policies has been greeted with frustration by members of the Democratic National Committee, who see the new “Organizing for Action” group as a competitor for fundraising dollars and power.The Hill reports on the open dissatisfaction at the DNC: DNC members said they were caught off guard when the leaders of the president’s reelection team announced Obama for America was morphing into Organizing for Action (OFA), a nonprofit group that can take unlimited “soft money” donations….While the new group will seek to go toe to toe with GOP outside groups like Crossroads GPS, some Democrats aren’t pleased that Obama didn’t fold his powerful grassroots operation back into the DNC.The looming fights over spending, deficits and debts also threatens the coalition that re-elected President Obama. The Obama administration designed a sequester whose non-defense cuts would scare as many voters and interest groups as possible. It expected that sequester to be canceled; now there is a strong chance that it may go through. If it does, interest groups and lobbies may find themselves fighting each other–and Obama.Many of the president’s strongest backers were prepared to wait until the election was over to demand their money’s worth. Hollywood, for example, watched the defeat of the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) in frustration–and patiently waited for Obama to return to office. Now, having won its tax benefits in the fiscal cliff talks, it may revive SOPA again.Yet it will have to compete with other interest groups in the Democrats’ coalition, who believe that the president was not aggressive enough in his first term and are no longer willing to accept the idea that compromise with Republicans is necessary. The rush to redeem promises made by Obama to each of these constituencies will likely increase friction within Democratic ranks–just as Republicans are pressing their case on debt.That is why the most important opposition to Obama may come from within–some on matters of principle, such as the loose alliance of liberal and pro-Israel groups opposing Chuck Hagel’s nomination for Secretary of Defense; and others on pure self-interest. Republican opposition will still be critical, especially given the effective veto the House still holds. But it will likely be given a boost by Democrats’ own greed and impatience.PoliticsCongressDefenseDNC.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        Sept. 9, 2013: Hillary Clinton speaks to reporters at the White House. (AP)Well, that was quick: Hillary Clinton is no longer inevitable.The media giveth and the media taketh away. And so the consensus that she will be sworn in as president in January 2017 has begun to crumble.All right, I’m exaggerating a bit. More than two years before the Iowa caucuses, normal people haven’t even tuned in. And many in the press undoubtedly believe that Clinton will be facing off against Chris Christie, who as expected won a huge reelection victory yesterday. (For junkies: a network exit poll had her beating Christie in New Jersey, 49 to 43 percent.)I’ve always had problems with the whole Hillary inevitability scenario, having seen that evaporate in 2008. But the conventional wisdom in the press seemed set in cement, notwithstanding the fact that Clinton hasn’t said she’s running.Now comes liberal New York Times columnist Frank Bruni to say that, gadzooks, she’s slipping in the polls. An NBC/Wall Street Journal survey found that Clinton’s favorability rating had slipped from 56 to 46 percent, while her unfavorable rose from 29 to 33 percent. Stop the presses!“Here we go. The beginning of the end of her inevitability...“Voters are souring on familiar political operators, especially those in, or associated with, Washington. That’s why Clinton has fallen. She’s lumped together with President Obama, with congressional leaders, with the whole reviled lot of them.”That’s an excellent and underappreciated point.“And some of the ways in which she stands out from the lot aren’t flattering. She comes with a more tangled political history of gifts bestowed, favors owed, ironclad allegiances and ancient feuds than almost any possible competitor does…“And what would the argument for a Hillary presidency be? Something interesting happens when you ask Democrats why her in 2016. They say that it’s time for a woman, that she’ll raise oodles of dough, that other potentially strong candidates won’t dare take her on. The answers are about the process more than the person or any vision she has for the country. There’s no poetry in them. That’s not good.”I wouldn’t dispute for a second that Hillary Clinton is the overwhelming Democratic front-runner, even if there’s a challenge from the left, and that the groundbreaking nature of her candidacy will be a major asset. But I’ve always felt the media bestowed the inevitability crown too quickly, and here’s why.No one knows what the political climate will be in 2016, but I know this: After eight years of one party controlling the White House, voters are usually ready for a change. Only once since the advent of presidential term limits—when George H.W. Bush defeated the hapless Mike Dukakis to succeed Ronald Reagan—has the country given one party 12 straight years.If the Obama administration is limping out of office at relatively low popularity, that will affect the woman who was the president’s secretary of State. If ObamaCare is judged by then to have been a disaster, that will affect the woman who first pushed universal health care when her husband was president.And since Hillary has been a national figure since 1992, and Bill is such a force in the Democratic Party, it’s a bit harder for her to run as a fresh face if Washington seems like a mess.She could overcome all of that, of course, with an inspiring campaign. But it’s a tad early to say that in November of 2013.Meanwhile, Carla Marinucci of the San Francisco Chronicle is razzing her approach to the lecture circuit:“Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton hasn’t even started her 2016 presidential campaign yet — and she’s already shutting out the press.Clinton’s much-anticipated speech at the Moscone Center on Saturday before the National Association of Realtors conference, a convention that is drawing 22,000 people to San Francisco this week, will be blacked out — closed to the media.“So will her big fundraiser Saturday night with Chelsea Clinton at San Francisco’s Regency Ballroom, a ‘Millennial Network’ event to benefit the Clinton Foundation.“The decision to bar reporters from the Clinton speech before thousands of Realtors is ‘per her team’s request,’ a National Association of Realtors spokeswoman told us in an e-mail Monday.“Seriously? In San Francisco? The easiest Democratic audience in the country? The region that’s home to Twitter, Facebook and Google?”And it’s her buckraking that draws fire from National Review’s Victor Davis Hanson:“Hillary Clinton is no doubt a talented speaker. She recently went into what the left wing sees as the heart of darkness of the American 1 percent at Goldman Sachs, purportedly gave two brief chats, and walked away with a reported $400,000 in fees. Such compensation is almost as profitable as Hillary’s long-ago cattle-future trading, in which as a talented rookie speculator she beat one-in-several-million odds by parlaying an original $1,000 investment into a $100,000 profit.“That Goldman’s shenanigans were central to the 2008 housing and financial meltdown — and were empowered, in part, by Bill Clinton’s own prior twofer of deregulating Wall Street and appointing to Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae greedy, though liberal, incompetents of the likes of James Johnson, Franklin Raines, and Jamie Gorelick — apparently meant nothing to Hillary.”You can expect to see much more of this if she runs.Confrontational ChristieThere was one speed bump on Chris Christie’s big reelection, and that was the image of his wagging a finger at a New Jersey teacher who challenged him.His heated encounter with Melissa Tomlinson of the state’s largest teachers’ union is getting plenty of coverage. Here’s part of her interview with Salon:Christie’s opponent has called him a “bully.” Do you think that’s fair? Is that how you saw him?I’m going to be honest … I haven’t seen enough of him to say, “Yes, he’s a bully.” Did I feel bullied at the time? Yes I did. I left shaking.Why shaking?It was a kind of a scary confrontation. He shouted at me. The crowd shouted at me. The crowd cheered when he shouted at me. People told me I was in the wrong place to be doing this. People need to understand it has to be done — somebody has to do it.The governor responded in an interview with CNN’s Jake Tapper:TAPPER: The photograph of this big strong governor berating a poor little teacher as some might see it, could be counterproductive to what you want to achieve.CHRISTIE: First is that whole incident as an incident was mischaracterized and overdramatized by the teacher who belongs to a portion of the teachers union.Are there times I wish I would have said something? Sure. But what I think people see in me is that I’m genuine.That’s sort of a microcosm of the debate over Chris Christie and his outsize personality. Top Twitter Talk@DRUDGE: "McAuliffe, De Blasio and Christie: Triple feature in a Republican's nightmare. Hug a conservative today.”Click for more from Media Buzz. Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      NEW YORK — Anthony Weiner is out with a new ad addressing the sexting scandal that threatens to sink his mayoral campaign in which he reaffirms he has no plans to “quit” the race.The minute-long spot, posted Tuesday evening on Weiner’s campaign site, features the former congressman speaking directly to the camera about the state of his mayoral bid."You know, sometimes people say to me, 'This campaign is pretty rough. You may want to quit.' I know there are newspaper editors and other politicians that say, ‘Boy, I wish that guy Weiner would quit,’” the Democratic mayoral hopeful says in the spot. “You don’t know New York. You certainly don’t know me. Quit isn’t the way we roll in New York City. We fight through tough things. We are a tough city.”The spot was released exactly one week after Weiner admitted that he continued to send sexual messages to women he met online even after he was forced out of Congress for similar online dalliances. His wife, Huma Abedin, who joined him in his other campaign ad, is not featured in his latest spot.Weiner, who looks visibly tired in the ad, insists the race is not about him but “helping New Yorkers.”“If someone wants to come out with something embarrassing about you in your private life, you have to talk about that for a little while,” Weiner says. “But it’s also reminded me that citizens, when they come up to ya, and they want to talk to you about a situation on their block or at their child’s school or something going on at their job site, that’s what this campaign is all about, and I’ll never forget that."It’s unclear if the campaign is reserving television airtime for the spot. A spokeswoman for Weiner did not respond to a request for comment.South Africa held out to level the ODI series 1-1 with a 17-run win over Pakistan on Sunday that was much closer than it should have been because of Fakhar Zaman's brilliant 193 in a losing effort.  Pakistan opener Fakhar's score came from 155 balls and he hit 18 fours and 10 sixes to give South Africa a big scare in the second one-day international.  Pakistan was 205-7 at one stage before Fakhar really got going, but ultimately finished on 324-9 chasing 342 to win at the Wanderers in Johannesburg.Trash being hauled by a tractor-trailer caught fire Monday afternoon on Interstate 95 in Howard County, Maryland State Police said. Police said they received calls around 1:50 p.m. about the fire on southbound I-95 near the exit for Maryland Route 32 near Savage.The National Hockey League’s deputy commissioner says the Vancouver Canucks’ COVID-19 outbreak is concerning, but he remains confident the team will be able to complete its schedule.  In an email to The Canadian Press on Monday, Bill Daly says the Canucks’ numbers are “concerning from a health and safety standpoint, not necessarily from a scheduling standpoint.”  Daly says the league believes the Canucks will return and conclude their 56-game schedule.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.Auston Matthews and John Tavares each had a goal and an assist and the Toronto Maple Leafs beat the Calgary Flames 4-2 Sunday night.  Morgan Rielly and Alex Galchenyuk also scored for the Maple Leafs, who are 6-3-1 in their last 10 and continue to top the NHL’s North Division.  Michael Hutchinson made 32 saves.(Reuters) -The U.S. Supreme Court handed Alphabet Inc's Google a major victory on Monday, ruling that its use of Oracle Corp's software code to build the Android operating system that runs most of the world's smartphones did not violate federal copyright law.  In a 6-2 decision, the justices overturned a lower court's ruling that Google's inclusion of Oracle's software code in Android did not constitute a fair use under U.S. copyright law.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.Venezuela's president will not be able to post for 30 days for disinformation over a herbal remedy.The actress has previously been known as Thandie, an anglicised version of her name.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.Editor’s note: This piece from Roger Pilon first appeared on the National Review Online website just before the Senate’s historic filibuster vote, and it appears with the CATO Institute’s permission.Harry Reid is set to “go nuclear.” He wants to end the filibuster as it applies to appellate court nominations — not by a two-thirds vote of the Senate, as Senate rules require, but by a simple majority. And given the short memories now in evidence, he may just succeed.On Monday, for the third time in less than a month, Senate Republicans filibustered an Obama nominee to the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. That’s the court that’s checked the president more than once, as when it said he couldn’t make “recess appointments” when the Senate wasn’t in recess. So in a Tuesday closed-door lunch, Reid moved closer to ending the practice, and it’s reported he picked up crucial support from California Democratic senators Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer along with Judiciary Committee chairman Patrick Leahy among others.The hypocrisy here should not go unnoticed. Although the filibuster for legislation has a long history, prior to 2003 it was seldom used to block executive-branch nominations — and appellate-court nominees in particular. In fact, Democrats themselves began using it this way in the 108th Congress, after they lost the Senate in the 2002 midterm elections. Here’s the backstory.Start with Bush v. Gore, the Supreme Court’s December 2000 decision that effectively decided the presidential outcome, creating a firestorm among Democrats, especially among the legal professoriate. On January 13, 2001, for example, 554 professors from 120 law schools took out a full-page ad in the New York Times condemning the Court’s majority for having acted not as judges but as “political proponents for candidate Bush.” And at a Democratic retreat a month later Yale’s Bruce Ackerman urged members not to confirm a single Bush nominee for the Supreme Court until after the 2004 elections.Democrats got their break in May when Vermont senator James Jeffords left the Republican party. That switched control of the Senate to the Democrats, who immediately turned their attention to the eleven appellate court nominees then before the Senate Judiciary Committee, two of them Democrats — a gesture from Bush. Those two were immediately confirmed. The rest would not even get hearings. Instead, Democrats began calling for “litmus tests” — explicit demands that nominees state their views on everything from abortion to affirmative action to Congress’s unquestioned power to regulate anything and everything.But the near lock-down on appellate-court nominations did not end with the 2002 midterm elections, which switched control of the Senate back to the Republicans. It was then that Senate Democrats began the unprecedented filibustering of appellate-court nominations. The most egregious case was that of Miguel Estrada, whose life story was pure American dream. First nominated by President Bush in May 2001, Estrada finally withdrew his name from further consideration some 27 months later, after seven failed cloture votes in the next, 108th Congress.Things came to a head early in the 109th Congress when Republicans themselves, still in control of the Senate, threatened finally to “go nuclear” — to end the appellate-court filibusters Democrats had introduced only in the previous Congress. That was headed off when the bipartisan “Gang of 14” reached a compromise: Democrats would filibuster nominees only in “extraordinary circumstances,” they agreed, and Republicans would not use the nuclear option. That compromise held for the rest of the 109th Congress — though not without difficulties — but it became moot after Democrats regained control of the Senate following the 2006 midterm elections since they no longer needed to filibuster Bush nominees.In sum, after the 2000 election was decided, Senate Democrats sat on their hands for two years as Bush appellate-court nominees twisted in the wind. In the minority after the 2002 elections, those Democrats then initiated the filibuster for many of Bush’s nominees. Only after the 2005 Gang of 14 compromise was imposed did things settle down. And after the 2006 elections, Democrats no longer needed to filibuster.So is the Republican use of the filibuster today simply fair turn-around — with Democrats in no position to complain when Republicans use tactics they themselves introduced? If so, that would be enough to illustrate the hypocrisy of today’s Democratic protests. But that’s not what’s at issue here. In the D.C. Circuit matter, which has driven Senator Reid to the nuclear option, Republicans are not raising ideological objections to Obama’s nominees — as Democrats did when they filibustered Bush’s picks. Their objection, rather, is that these judges are not needed, because the workload of the court is so light. In fact, speaking of hypocrisy, Democrats, in the minority in the 109th Congress, used that very rationale to urge Judiciary Committee chairman Arlen Specter in a July 2006 letter not to confirm any additional Bush nominees to the D.C. Circuit — and none was confirmed after that letter from Senators Leahy, Feinstein, Schumer, and Durbin was sent, all of whom are still on the committee. Yet now, when the court’s workload is even lighter, Democrats cry foul when Republicans point that out.In fact, look at the numbers from the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts. In 2006, written decisions per active judge had declined by 17 percent since 1997. Since 2006 they have declined another 27 percent. In 2006, the total number of appeals filed had declined by 10 percent since 1997. Since 2006 they have declined another 18 percent. The Administrative Office ranks the twelve circuits using various caseload benchmarks: 2013 is the 17th straight year that the office has ranked the D.C. Circuit last on both appeals being filed and appeals being terminated. There simply is no need for more judges on the D.C. Circuit when those there now do not have enough to do — unless, of course, the aim is to have a bench more sympathetic to rule by presidential diktat, which may be precisely why Senator Reid wants to go nuclear.Roger Pilon is vice president for legal affairs at the Cato Institute and director of Cato’s Center for Constitutional Studies.Recent Filibuster StoriesFilibuster Reaction: Harry Reid’s nuclear hypocrisyFilibuster Reaction: The vote that will change AmericaLooking at Harry Reid’s statement about filibusters and the ConstitutionIn defense of the filibusterSouth Africa held out to level the ODI series 1-1 with a 17-run win over Pakistan on Sunday that was much closer than it should have been because of Fakhar Zaman's brilliant 193 in a losing effort.  Pakistan opener Fakhar's score came from 155 balls and he hit 18 fours and 10 sixes to give South Africa a big scare in the second one-day international.  Pakistan was 205-7 at one stage before Fakhar really got going, but ultimately finished on 324-9 chasing 342 to win at the Wanderers in Johannesburg.Trash being hauled by a tractor-trailer caught fire Monday afternoon on Interstate 95 in Howard County, Maryland State Police said. Police said they received calls around 1:50 p.m. about the fire on southbound I-95 near the exit for Maryland Route 32 near Savage.The National Hockey League’s deputy commissioner says the Vancouver Canucks’ COVID-19 outbreak is concerning, but he remains confident the team will be able to complete its schedule.  In an email to The Canadian Press on Monday, Bill Daly says the Canucks’ numbers are “concerning from a health and safety standpoint, not necessarily from a scheduling standpoint.”  Daly says the league believes the Canucks will return and conclude their 56-game schedule.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.Auston Matthews and John Tavares each had a goal and an assist and the Toronto Maple Leafs beat the Calgary Flames 4-2 Sunday night.  Morgan Rielly and Alex Galchenyuk also scored for the Maple Leafs, who are 6-3-1 in their last 10 and continue to top the NHL’s North Division.  Michael Hutchinson made 32 saves.(Reuters) -The U.S. Supreme Court handed Alphabet Inc's Google a major victory on Monday, ruling that its use of Oracle Corp's software code to build the Android operating system that runs most of the world's smartphones did not violate federal copyright law.  In a 6-2 decision, the justices overturned a lower court's ruling that Google's inclusion of Oracle's software code in Android did not constitute a fair use under U.S. copyright law.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.Venezuela's president will not be able to post for 30 days for disinformation over a herbal remedy.The actress has previously been known as Thandie, an anglicised version of her name.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.[twitter-follow screen_name='politicalticker'][twitter-follow screen_name='KilloughCNN'](CNN) – Anthony Weiner's top opponents for New York City's Democratic mayoral race each got a chance to address the former congressman in a major televised debate Tuesday night, but City Council Speaker Christine Quinn took more than one shot at the flagging candidate as the two engaged in heated exchanges throughout the night. Two minutes deep into the five-candidate showdown, Weiner was already acknowledging and apologizing for his sexting scandal, but he urged voters to move beyond his "personal failings" and focus on the more substantive issues in the race.

"At the end of the day this campaign is not about me or about anyone else on this stage, it's about you," he said, looking at the camera. All four of his opponents on stage agreed, with each saying they're tired of talking about Weiner. Public Advocate Bill de Blasio added the former congressman "should step aside for the good of the city.""We need a debate on the issues," he said. "We should not be talking about one individual and their personal life."City Comptroller John Liu pleaded: "Please don't ask me any more questions about him." Weiner has vowed to stay in the running despite his sharp drop in the polls after admitting last month that he continued having online relationships with women for more than a year after his 2011 resignation from Congress. At Tuesday night's debate-hosted by WABC, New York Daily News, Univision and the League of Women Voters-Quinn said Weiner was "right" in that New Yorkers have "heard a lot about his personal issues." "For me the bigger issue is his record," she said, before taking a swipe at the limited amount of legislation passed under his name during his dozen years in Congress. Hitting back, Weiner faulted Quinn for getting term limits overturned, an unpopular move that allowed Mayor Michael Bloomberg to win a third term and allowed Quinn to stay in the speaker's office. "The speaker refuses to apologize for overturning the will of the people," he said. "I've owned up to my personal failings, but I have a record that I'm proud of...and that's not something the speaker can claim." Quinn stood by her decision on term limits and argued neither she, nor any other New Yorker, "should be lectured by Anthony Weiner about what we need to apologize for tonight–or ever."As the field of candidates, which also included former City Comptroller Bill Thompson, debated local issues, Weiner stepped in to paint himself as an outsider. "This is the problem: They all come from basically the same place. They've been part of municipal government for decades now," he argued. "If you want someone truly independent, who's going to stop this noise ... you have a choice here."Turning to Weiner, Quinn begged to differ. "Not for nothing, you were in government your whole career until you had to resign from government, so I'm not sure why you're finger-pointing at people in government," she said. Tuesday's debate came hours after a new poll showed a dramatic switch in the race. According to the Quinnipiac University survey, de Blasio jumped to the front of the pack with 30% of support among likely Democratic primary voters. Quinn, the former front-runner, fell behind with 24% and Thompson came in at 22%, just four weeks before the September 10 primary. Weiner remained behind all three at 10%, while Liu had 6% support. Pure theater.There isn't one of these politicians that are a good example for our young people.   These politicians show how to bully, how to be mean and nasty and they can say and do anything, say, I am sorry, not mean it and move on.  No class, no standards or principals.  No thanks!I keep hoping that some day NY City will be separated from the rest of the State.  Politically and physically!I'm just happy to hear someone other than Quinn or Weiner is in the lead.  They would both just be awful mayors...one is one of the biggest bullies the city has ever seen and the other is just a train wreck."Ok, look....I need you all to forget that I'm a lying D-Bag that can't be trusted tonight so we can just talk about the issues"SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. — The Democratic National Committee’s summer meeting here late last week was starkly different from the gathering of its Republican counterparts earlier in the month. There were no surefire
                                        news-making speakers like Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey or former Speaker Newt Gingrich, nor was there consideration of any made-for-cable-news resolutions, like one that tried to bar a pair of television networks
                                        from sponsoring future presidential debates. Rather, it was a sedate gathering where routine party business was conducted routinely by national and state Democratic officials in a suburban Phoenix resort.But when Harold M. Ickes walked into the Rules and Bylaws Committee meeting on Thursday afternoon and rejoined the panel, at least one longtime Democratic strategist raised her eyebrows.“He predated the Clinton era, but when I saw Harold reappointed to the D.N.C., he surely, in my judgment, symbolizes the return of the Clintons,” said Donna Brazile, a fellow member of the rules committee.Mr. Ickes said he was put back on the committee by Debbie Wasserman Schultz, chairwoman of the national committee and herself an ardent advocate for Mrs. Clinton in 2008, but he also acknowledged that he “actively
                                        sought” the seat.“It is in my view the most important committee at the D.N.C. because of its role in shaping the nomination process,” he said, adding a bit mischievously, “The goal is to design rules to nominate
                                        the strongest candidate for the general election.”That, he added, would be up to the voters but there is no question who he believes that candidate is.Mr. Ickes, 73, is a fixture in the Clinton’s world. He ran Bill Clinton’s New York campaign in the 1992 Democratic primary and served as a deputy chief of staff in Mr. Clinton’s White House. He
                                        was a top adviser to Hillary Clinton’s 2008 campaign, and Mrs. Clinton’s chief liaison at the D.N.C. during her primary battle against Barack Obama. From his perch on the rules committee he memorably
                                        railed against a compromise on disputed delegates in the waning days of the Democratic primary.At a notably less sedate national committee meeting in late May 2008, Mr. Ickes argued in vain against what he called the “hijacking” of Mrs. Clinton’s delegate share from two disputed state primaries.
                                        “I am stunned that we have the gall and the chutzpah to substitute our judgment for 600,000 voters,” Mr. Ickes said at the time.A few weeks later, Mrs. Clinton conceded the race to Mr. Obama. The following year, with Mr. Obama as party leader, Mr. Ickes left his rules committee post. According to party records, he had served on the rules panel
                                        since at least 1992.“I was not reappointed after the 2008 election for some pretty obvious reasons,” Mr. Ickes said.Now, five years later — with Mr. Obama a lame duck and speculation soaring about whether Mrs. Clinton will seek the White House again — her procedural maven is back in his old position at the national
                                        party. The rules committee is tasked with setting the guidelines governing the presidential nominating process.Mrs. Clinton does not lack for support among national committee members — that much was obvious by the rate in which unofficial campaign buttons promoting her for 2016 were sold in the hallway outside the conference
                                        room here. But with Mr. Ickes, a canny tactician with decades of presidential campaign experience, again on the rules committee, she has a strategist on a key committee who could advocate for her interest.As one party official put it, Mr. Ickes not only knows how the party works but effectively “wrote the rules” for the national committee over the years, at least until he was thwarted by Mr. Obama.Mr. Ickes said he did not rejoin the committee at the behest of either Mr. or Mrs. Clinton but conceded that he understood the meaning of his reappearance as Democrats begin to consider life after Mr. Obama.“I was on the rules committee for years and years, but, yes, I can understand people reading it that way,” he said.The latest on President Obama, Congress and other political news from Washington -- and around the nation -- from the staff of The New York Times. 
                                        The Caucus on Monday suspended its campaign. Follow First Draft, a fast-paced political briefing on all things Washington and elections. Read more…
                                        Congress approved funding for equipping Syrian rebels against Islamic States and lawmakers will discuss their votes on several of the Sunday shows.Read more…
                                        President Obama vowed to “degrade and ultimately destroy” ISIS in a speech he gave on Wednesday. Lawmakers and analysts will discuss his strategy on the Sunday shows. Read more…
                                        Lawmakers will weigh in on President Obama’s international coalition to fight Islamist militants.Read more…
                                        President Obama drew criticism on Thursday when he said, “we don’t have a strategy yet,” for military action against ISIS in Syria. Lawmakers will weigh in on Mr. Obama’s comments on the Sunday shows.
                                        Read more…
                                    FollowA new poll from NBC New York and Marist College says that disgraced former Congressman Anthony Weiner (D-NY), who lied to the American public about tweeting pictures of his junk to random women around the country, is now running a hard second in a potential mayoral matchup. Christine Quinn, the current Speaker of the House in New York, runs first with 26 percent of the vote; Weiner follows with 15 percent. While Nate Silver of the New York Times suggests that this number is actually limp for Weiner, given his 100 percent name recognition, it still gives him a leg up on the rest of the crowd.It’s no coincidence that Weiner is now preparing to get on his hands and knees before the public in New York. As USA Today reports, Weiner says “I think I’ll be spending a lot of time, here on out, saying I’m sorry.” Weiner and his wife Huma are plastered on the new cover of the New York Times Magazine. He still refuses to answer questions about his tweet scandal. But it’s clear he understands he’s got to get the monkey of the story off his back, or he’ll take a spanking at the ballot box. He says, “I have been excruciatingly honest, in letter by letter, detail by detail, with my wife. An embarrassing amount is in the public domain … But out of respect for the idea that I’ve laid it all out for her and out of some respect for the privacy of the people who were at the other end of these correspondences, who had their lives turned upside down, I am not going to go into the details of every bit of it.”Respect for his own possible mayoral run is more like it. He’s relying on his new book, Keys to the City, to carry him to victory. According to Weiner, the penis apparently mightier than the rhetorical sword.Ben Shapiro is Editor-At-Large of Breitbart News and author of the New York Times bestseller “Bullies: How the Left’s Culture of Fear and Intimidation Silences America” (Threshold Editions, January 8, 2013). PoliticsAnthony WeinerNBCNew York Times.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byBy Mark LeibovichIn early December, Washington’s political class was in one of its episodic ventilations over who would fill the latest round of job openings. The intrigue of the moment involved Hillary Clinton’s replacement as secretary of state. Susan Rice, the U. S. ambassador to the United Nations and onetime front-runner, was taking a public battering, and the fallback candidate, Senator John Kerry, was looking more likely to get the job. This would in turn mean that another Massachusetts Senate seat would be up for grabs — the third election since the death of Ted Kennedy in 2009.In the midst of all that, I was eating lunch at a private club near the White House at the invitation of Ted Kennedy Jr. As the namesake of the late senator, he was of course entitled under Massachusetts law to slide happily into any available political seat without so much as leaving the compound to drop off a ballot petition. There was only one slight problem with this: he lived in Connecticut, not Massachusetts. But Kennedys have a way of surmounting pesky barriers like these, and conjecture about Kerry’s seat, if it were to become open (which it has), was on the table.Ted Jr., as he is known, has eager blue eyes and windswept Kennedy hair. He is friendly and solicitous, but his efforts at ingratiating himself come off more self-taught than natural, a bit too eager, as when, weeks earlier, he marveled at how really great it was to see me. At one point he asked if I had ever been to the family home on Cape Cod. When I said no, he insisted, “Oh, you have to come down sometime.” We had never met before.He speaks in the patrician New England accent and nasal-honking intonations that conjure his father. He kept saying things like “I am entering a new phase of my life” and “I come from a family of public servants,” and it was perfectly clear what Ted Jr. had called me here to discuss. After a lifetime of entreaties, many from his father, the oldest son of Edward M. Kennedy was now, at 51, prepared to join the family business. In the musty parlance of his heritage, he was being “called to service.”For someone so incubated in the heat of public life, Kennedy betrayed a surprising transparency, or maybe naïveté, in explaining to me how he had been preparing for this next phase. “I’ve been cultivating all sorts of friendships and relationships with people who can be helpful,” he said. And then he made clear how I came in. He also kept mentioning to me that “my father and brother had always spoken highly of you,” which carried a whiff of declaring me “reliable” within the family. (Was I, too, being called to service?) What he envisioned, Ted Jr. said, was “a foundational story” being written about him. “What’s this guy like?” he asked. “What’s he thinking?”This was somewhat unusual. When someone decides to “come out” as a politician, it is typically in connection with a specific job — as in, “I will be running for such-and-such.” They don’t generally say, “I’m being called to service, please write a foundational story about me.” My immediate question involved exactly what service Ted Jr. was being called to. And where? Would it be in Massachusetts, where he purchased the former home of his Uncle Jack, behind the main family compound in Hyannis Port? Or in Connecticut, where he lives in the New Haven suburb of Branford with his wife, Kiki, a Yale psychiatrist, and teenage son and daughter (their oldest daughter is a freshman at Wesleyan)? There was also the possibility of an executive appointment from a president who regarded his father as a crucial Senate mentor and kingmaker. Ted Jr. wanted me to know that he was open to that.Whatever the case, there was some urgency that the foundational story be done soon, presumably to help get his name “in play” for the imminent job openings. We were joined at the table by Dick Keil, a former White House reporter for Bloomberg News who now works for a media consulting company called Purple Strategies, which was co-founded by Steve McMahon, a Democratic strategist/TV pundit/friend of Ted Jr.’s from the old days, when he worked on Ted Sr.’s 1980 presidential campaign. Keil, McMahon and Ben Binswanger, another friend, who attended Wesleyan with Ted Jr. and later worked for Senator Kennedy, were all helping guide the soon-to-be-candidate-for-something through the delicate paces of his “rollout.” Ted Jr.’s brother, Patrick, a former congressman from Rhode Island who now lives in New Jersey, was also part of the small advisory team, as was Kiki.In addition to the whats, whens and wheres, there was also the matter of who — as in: Who did Ted Jr. think he was? As we talked over lunch about the rollout, wherever it may be rolling, I thought of a famous line inflicted on Ted Sr. during his 1962 Senate campaign by his Democratic primary challenger, Edward J. McCormack Jr. McCormack told his 30-year-old opponent — the brother of the sitting president — that he would have no chance in that race if his name were Edward Moore instead of Edward Moore Kennedy. When I started to recall that line, Ted Jr. interjected with the exact quote: “If it was Edward Moore,” he said, “your candidacy would be a joke.”In fairness, Ted Jr. is more than two decades older and far more experienced than his father was in 1962. He has been a longtime advocate for the disabled — having lost part of his right leg to bone cancer at age 12 — and his Manhattan-based management-consulting firm, the Marwood Group, employs 130 people. But the Edward Moore line resonates within the family. Patrick Kennedy — who was elected to the Rhode Island Legislature at 21 and the U.S. House of Representatives at 27, and who himself once dismissed the U.S. Senate campaign of Scott Brown in Massachusetts as “a joke” — told me that he entered politics “as a Kennedy” but was “still looking for my identity.” His brother, on the other hand, “knows where his true compass is,” Patrick assured me, deploying another pet family term — “true compass” — that happened to be the title of their father’s memoir.Entire touch-football rosters could be filled with Kennedys who could never have been elected at their tender ages without their last names. In November, Ted’s 32-year-old cousin, Joseph Kennedy III — the son of a former U.S. representative, Joseph Kennedy II — became the latest pledge when he won the congressional seat left by Barney Frank, who retired. Even Ted Jr.’s son, Edward Kennedy III, has announced his intention to run for U.S. senator from Massachusetts someday. He was, at the time of his announcement, 11.“There is this question with every member of my family,” Patrick Kennedy said. “How do we fit into this amazing legacy that we have been given by dint of our birth?” That is not a sentence most people utter. But his point was that simply running for an office because it is available is the family default option, and it’s not necessarily the best one.Patrick did not seek re-election in 2010 and now devotes much of his life to promoting treatment and research for his twin causes, mental illness and brain injuries. He married, moved to New Jersey and has two children. He has sad green eyes, a big pillow of red hair and the gawky bearing of an overgrown boy. But he also has the weary voice of someone who could be 65.Patrick told me he has no regrets about his career choices, but his own life proves his original point: that the family reflex to run early is not for everyone. He has battled depression and alcohol and drug addictions for years, and he admits that the United States Congress was not the best place to wrestle these goblins. “When you grow up in my family, being somebody meant having power, having status,” Patrick told me back in 2006, when I was reporting an article for The Times not long after police found him disoriented, having crashed his car into a barrier near the Capitol at 2:45 a.m. “The compensations you got were all material and superficial,” he said. “I’ve come to realize, in the last few months, that that life made me feel all alone.” After the article ran, Patrick told me his father was furious at him for unburdening himself publicly. “Save that stuff for your shrink, not a reporter,” Senator Kennedy said to him.Ted Jr. is less the unburdening type. He has granted few interviews and he seemed nervous when we talked, or perhaps a bit suffocated by Keil, who was always with us. Keil, whom I first met back in his journalism days, is a friendly and earnest operator who, like many in Washington, is always working. (I ran into him once at the supermarket and teased him about the work Purple Strategies was doing to help BP “reposition” its image after the spill in the Gulf of Mexico. Without missing a beat, Keil unleashed his own gusher, calling BP the “the greatest corporate turnaround story in history” before moving on to the deli counter.) He sat in on all three of my meetings with Ted Jr., monitored a subsequent phone call and also stayed close by during my meeting with Patrick. He made backup recordings of all of our conversations, which is not unusual for public-relations people to do, but typically happens with high-level subjects, not with someone who has never run for office and wasn’t really running for anything now. The aggressive “management” of the story conveyed an impression of both loftiness and hand-holding — or, at worst, of a Not Ready for Prime Time Kennedy being propped up by consultants.All of that said, there’s something innately likable about Ted Jr. People who have known him over the years generally describe a solid, down-to-earth guy who is quite normal, given his royal lineage. And his instinct to become a fully formed human being before answering the “call to service” was admirable. His priority, by all accounts, has always been to raise a family and nurture them as unassumingly as possible (again, for a Kennedy). As he put it, “I pretty much spent half my life trying to resist other people’s timetables.” Later, when I asked him to elaborate on this, he added: “My father was the single most important person in my life. But in some ways, we all live our lives resisting what our parents want us to become.”In early 1985 Ted Jr. was 23 and living in Somerville, Mass., outside Boston. Tip O’Neill, the district’s longtime representative, had announced he would retire at the end of his term. This seemed an obvious starter gig, but Ted Jr. was not interested. His 34-year-old cousin, Joe — Robert F. Kennedy’s son — ran and won instead. “I never seriously considered that race,” Ted Jr. told me. “My father was strongly considering me.” Ted Sr. commissioned a poll that came back “a slam dunk for Ted,” said Steve McMahon, who was one of the people then running Senator Kennedy’s political operation. Ted Jr.’s decision not to run, McMahon said, “was against the advice and counsel of pretty much everyone around him.” Senator Kennedy was disappointed, Ted Jr. told me. “He couldn’t understand why someone with all the built-in advantages would not take advantage of the opportunity.”Instead, Ted Jr. enrolled in Yale’s graduate school of forestry. Beyond setting a course away from politics, Ted Jr. told me that he was also trying to escape a one-dimensional identity as an amputee and advocate. “I did not want to be seen as a professional disabled person,” he said.He gained weight, grew a beard, drank heavily and invited concern that he was priming himself for another, more darkly familiar Kennedy fate. He indulged in what The Boston Globe described as “a playboy-style high life” and “careless social habits.” At about the same time, his cousin, William Kennedy Smith, was charged with rape and faced a subsequent trial that showcased the family’s history of boozy carousing — with the patriarchal senator in a leadership role.At 29, Ted Jr. enrolled himself in a drug-and-alcohol-treatment program in Hartford. He was always reticent and closed off, he said, which he attributed to being a Kennedy. “It was never very easy for me to express my feelings,” Kennedy told The Globe in 1993, on the eve of his marriage to Kiki. “I think it’s a consequence of growing up in my family and having people prying and feeling like somebody’s always trying to get something from you,” he said. “Then I realized this is no real way to live a life.” His priority, he said, was to start a family and be present as a father. “I realized if I messed that up, it would be the most serious mistake of my life,” he told me. He has not touched alcohol in more than 20 years, he said, because “it just didn’t take much imagination to see the impact that alcohol had on many different people in my family.” Ted’s mother, Joan Kennedy, has also faced many public struggles with alcoholism over the years.As other Kennedys passed in and out of office (and rehab), the great mentioners and orchestrators consigned Ted Jr. to the terminal-ambivalence compound. His father encouraged him to open a Boston office of Marwood, his consulting firm, to establish more of a presence in Massachusetts, but Ted Jr. resisted.Then in August 2009, Senator Kennedy died of brain cancer, and Ted Jr. delivered a powerful and much-discussed eulogy. “My name is Ted Kennedy Jr.,” he told the mourners assembled at the Basilica of Our Lady of Perpetual Help in Boston. “Although it hasn’t been easy at times to live with this name, I’ve never been more proud of it than I am today.”The speech’s emotional climax was a story of his father’s taking him sledding at age 12. He was trying to adapt to his artificial limb, and the hill was slick and hard to climb. He kept slipping and started to cry. “And he lifted me up in his strong, gentle arms and said something I will never forget,” Ted Jr. said. “He said: ‘I know you can do it. There is nothing that you can’t do. We’re going to climb that hill together, even if it takes us all day.’ ” The eulogy drew a standing ovation and, almost immediately, renewed talk of Ted Jr.’s political future. “A lot of people were asking, ‘Where have you been?’ ” Ted told me.Over lunch at the University Club in Washington, I asked Ted Jr. if he had spoken to anyone in the Obama administration about a job. “I can’t talk about that,” he said, wincing a little. Then he laughed.“Have you talked to the president?” I asked.“I can’t talk about that,” he repeated. His face turned red, which I found refreshing, given how comfortable most politicians are with stonewalling.Ted Jr. then turned to Keil. “I need to think of a way to respond to this question that is respectful,” he said.“No, you just did respond,” I interrupted. “It’s O.K.”“But I don’t want the quote to be ‘I can’t talk about it.’ ” He was slightly plaintive at this point.“But that’s what you said,” I noted.Kennedy laughed again. Later, when I returned from the men’s room, he said he regretted that he didn’t answer that question differently. He wished he could change the quote. To what? “What I should have said,” he told me, “was ‘I would be honored to serve.’ ”Obama’s re-election created a few possibilities for Ted Jr. There were potential jobs in the administration or seats in Congress being vacated by members who would become cabinet officials. The most titillating prospect involved Kerry’s seat. “I haven’t thought seriously about that possibility,” he said. Except he and Keil and Binswanger met on Nov. 13 to discuss the matter at a tavern in Georgetown, then held subsequent sessions with McMahon and Patrick and Kiki. Team Ted told him that changing his official residence from Connecticut to Hyannis Port would be no problem. They all said he could win, and the time was now.“Political consultants want everyone to run for office,” Ted Jr. said. A former Connecticut senator, Christopher Dodd, a close friend of the family, seconded that notion, saying, “They’re either telling you, ‘You can never win, and you need me,’ or ‘You can’t lose, and you need me.’ ” Dodd cautioned Kennedy against the Massachusetts race. If Kennedy lost, Dodd told me, it could preclude future runs in Connecticut. “It could look like he’s on a shopping spree.”Once again, to the disappointment of others, Ted Jr. decided not to run. Ted Kennedy Jr. running for the U.S. Senate in Massachusetts in 2013 was “as close to a slam dunk as you’re going to get in politics,” McMahon told me. I wasn’t buying this. When I mentioned to Ted Jr. that he would have faced charges of carpetbagging if he ran for Kerry’s seat, he took issue. “Yes, I’ve lived in Connecticut for 25 years,” he said. “But the idea of calling a Kennedy a carpetbagger in Massachusetts is like. . . .” He did not finish the thought.There were other issues at play, too, among them Vicki Kennedy, Ted Kennedy’s widow. Strains between Vicki and her late husband’s sons were no secret. According to a Boston Globe article last July, Ted Jr. and Patrick Kennedy were convinced that their stepmother was mismanaging their father’s legacy, in particular the construction in Boston of the $71 million Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate. Vicki Kennedy declined to comment for The Globe article (as well as for this one), and when I raised the subject of her with Ted Jr., he looked as if he would rather be cleaning an oven. “I never spoke to her about it,” he said of his decision not to run in Massachusetts. On the subject of Vicki generally, he said in a separate e-mail: “Vicki was a great source of love and support for my father, and she is working hard to ensure that my father’s memory and legacy are properly honored.”Another argument against the “slam dunk” theory: while Ted Jr. was likable and had a good story to tell, he did not strike me as a candidate who would be ready from Day 1, given the scrutiny he would endure. He could be stumbling and tentative. My mind jumped to Caroline Kennedy and her ill-fated effort to take over Hillary Clinton’s Senate seat in New York. Other than Ted Sr., no member of the Kennedy family has been on the ballot for statewide office in Massachusetts since John F. Kennedy in 1958. Kennedys are always mentioned as potential 800-pound gorillas in statewide campaigns, but none ever jump. It’s safer that way, not to risk being the one who loses and messes up the mystique of invincibility, such as it is.“The Kennedy mystique is more of a hologram at this point,” said Jon Keller, a longtime political analyst in Massachusetts. “You can see it sometimes, but it’s not really there in any meaningful way.”Ted Jr. told me that turning away from the Massachusetts option allowed him to “mentally cross a bridge.” “I think for me to go into politics with the name Ted Kennedy Jr. was going to be difficult enough,” he said. To do it in the state his father represented for nearly 47 years would possibly be too much.In our last discussion, I asked Ted Jr. if he had ever been in therapy. “I think it’s very healthy,” he said, and then he added an endearing nonanswer that I took to be a yes: “I’ve done a lot of thinking, O.K.?”It was early March, and we were on the phone. He seemed more animated and relaxed than when we last met. “I’ve had a lot to think about in my life,” he said. “I’ve been through a lot.” No doubt it all had to be a handful. From what I could tell, he had managed it admirably, raised a nice family, avoided scandal and embarrassment and seemed genuinely committed now to “making a contribution.”I had been pressing Ted on his timing, trying to get an answer to whether this “coming out” was part of some grand plan. He said he had a “general plan, and I kind of stuck to it.” I relayed to him something Steve McMahon told me earlier — that he, McMahon, found it poignant that Ted never responded to his father’s wish that he run for office when he was still alive. “But now that Senator Kennedy’s gone,” McMahon said, “it’s almost like Ted’s responding to his father’s call from above.”I asked Ted if he agreed with this, the overly poetic construction aside. He did, he said, and took it further. “All children want to please their parents,” Ted said. “I know it would have pleased my father for me to have had political success when he was still alive. But I think in many ways, now that he is no longer alive, that’s really freed me up.”That, as much as anything, would seem like the foundational story.AdvertisementSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALSign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.NEW YORK -- Former congressman Anthony Weiner, D-N.Y., said he would not quit his race for mayor of New York City, despite acknowledging that he continued to send women inappropriate online messages after a sexting scandal forced him to resign from Congress in 2011."I said that other texts and photos were likely to come out, and today they have," Weiner said in a hastily arranged news conference with his wife by his side. Weiner acknowledged that some of the inappropriate texts were sent after he had resigned."Some of these things happened before my resignation, some of them happened after," Weiner said."I'm sure many of my opponents would like me to drop out of the race," he said, but he refused to drop out of the race. After the news conference he went directly to a mayoral candidate forum."Anthony has made some horrible mistakes both before he resigned from Congress and after," said Weiner's wife, Huma Abedin. "I love him, I have forgiven him, I believe in him."An online gossip site called The Dirty posted screenshots Monday of online messages between an account in the name of Anthony Weiner and that of an unidentified woman. The site said the messages were sent last August, more than a year after Weiner left Congress. Weiner discusses her potential involvement in a blog for Politico, the political news site, and talks about his cats. He also asks the woman to delete other messages they exchanged.A second, salacious chat exchange posted by The Dirty was from an account using the name Carlos Danger, which the site, quoting the unidentified woman, says is Weiner.Weiner stepped down from Congress in June 2011 after admitting that he had texted lewd pictures of himself to women, reversing previous denials. In May, Weiner entered the race for New York City mayor and his wife, an aide to former secretary of State Hillary Clinton, is campaigning for him. The couple have an 18-month-old son.On Tuesday, Weiner said his behavior was "problematic to say the least, and self-destructive to say the most," but he reminded reporters that he had said at the time that more pictures and messages might be out there. The messages revealed Monday "don't represent all that much that is new."Because of the upcoming Sept. 10 Democratic primary, "I'm surprised that more things didn't come out sooner," he said Tuesday."While some things that have been posted today are true and some are not, there is no question that what I did was wrong," Weiner said in a written statement. "This behavior is behind me. I've apologized to Huma and am grateful that she has worked through these issues with me and for her forgiveness. I want to again say that I am very sorry to anyone who was on the receiving end of these messages and the disruption that this has caused. As my wife and I have said, we are focused on moving forward."At the news conference, Weiner refused to detail which of the messages were authentic.Sometimes smiling and sometimes near tears, the elegantly dressed Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton, addressed one of the biggest questions of the Weiner story: why she is still married to him. "It took a lot of work and a whole lot of therapy to get to the point where I could forgive Anthony," she said.Staying with Weiner "was not an easy choice in any way," she said. "But I made a decision that it was worth staying in this marriage. that was a decision I made for me, for our son and for our family. I didn't know how it would work, out but I did know that I wanted to give it a try."George Arzt, a New York Democratic political consultant, said the new revelations would make Weiner's campaign much harder, particularly with former N.Y. governor Eliot Spitzer running for city comptroller after his own sex scandal."Obviously he has a lot of problems, plus the fact that I think that Spitzer has taken a lot of air out of his balloon, because they have overlapping aberrant behavior," Arzt said. "There is a cumulative impact for the public. They're willing to give anyone a second chance, and then they see the repetitive nature of his misdeeds, and they say, nah, I just can't.''Follow @USATMoore on Twitter.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsAdd Erik Rush to the list of prominent wingnuts calling for a coup against Obama.  The WorldNutDaily columnist and frequent Faux News guest is out with a new column that calls for Obama to be overthrown "by any means necessary"--even if they aren't legal.This administration, much of the Congress, and the creatures who  support the same in blissful, belligerent ignorance must be neutralized if this nation is to survive in any semblance of its intended form. And it must be done by any means necessary, because such criminals have proven that they are not dissuaded by trifles like legality.  The law, in our President’s estimation, is what he says it is. This has been proven time and again.So Obama and his cabal, and in all likelihood a substantial segment of Congress must go. We must also extricate the radicals and Islamists whom Obama has so kindly insinuated into high places in our government. And the culture of our government must change. Indeed, it will take some time and sacrifice, but America has never faced a threat such as this. In truth, I don’t think any nation has.Moreover, Rush is the last person to wring his hands about authoritarian excess.  Before the 2012 election, he claimed that the first priority for a Romney administration should have been to arrest Democrats and journalists for treason--a claim that he reiterated back in July.  In the aftermath of the Boston Marathon bombings, he called for all Muslims to be lined up and shot.I really have to wonder--what does it say about Faux News and WorldNutDaily that this guy is still associated with them? 3:21 PM PT: Since this made the rec list, I thought I'd mention that Rush was kind enough to enable Facebook for comments.  Head over there and let him have it.Washington (CNN) - What a difference a month makes.A new CNN/ORC International poll indicates a dramatic turnaround in the battle for control of Congress in next year's midterm elections.
Democrats a month ago held a 50%-42% advantage among registered voters in a generic ballot, which asked respondents to choose between a Democrat or Republican in their congressional district without identifying the candidates.That result came after congressional Republicans appeared to overplay their hand in the bitter fight over the federal government shutdown and the debt ceiling.But the Democratic lead has disappeared. A new CNN/ORC poll indicates the GOP now holds a 49%-47% edge.The new survey was conducted last week and released Tuesday.The 10-point swing follows a political uproar over Obamacare, which included the botched rollout of HealthCare.gov and controversy over insurance policy cancelations due primarily to the new health law.The turnaround in the CNN/ORC poll follows similar shifts in recent national surveys from Quinnipiac University and Fox News.At a news conference two weeks ago, President Barack Obama acknowledged that problems plaguing the startup of the new healthcare law could hurt Democrats."There is no doubt that our failure to rollout the ACA smoothly has put a burden on Democrats, whether they are running or not because they stood up and supported this effort through thick and thin," Obama said.The CNN/ORC poll, released as the President makes a West Coast campaign fundraising swing on behalf of fellow Democrats, indicates both parties making gains within their base."It looks like the biggest shifts toward the Republicans came among white voters, higher-income Americans, and people who live in rural areas, while Democrats have gained strength in the past month among some of their natural constituencies, such as non-white voters and lower-income Americans," said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland."If those patterns persist into 2014, it may indicate that Obamacare is popular among those who it was designed to help the most, but unpopular among the larger group of voters who are personally less concerned about health insurance and health care," Holland said.Republicans currently have a 17-seat advantage in the U.S. House with the Democrats holding a 55-45 majority in the Senate.While the generic ballot question is one of the most commonly used indicators when it comes to the battle for Congress, the poll results are a long way from predicting what will happen next November."There is just under a year to go before any votes are actually cast and the 'generic ballot' question is not necessarily a good predictor of the actual outcome of 435 separate elections," Holland cautions."A year before the 2010 midterms, for example, the Democrats held a six-point lead on the generic ballot but the GOP wound up regaining control of the House in that election cycle, thanks to an historic 63-seat pickup," he said.The poll was conducted November 18-20 for CNN by ORC International, with 843 adult Americans, including 749 registered voters, questioned by telephone. The survey's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.The Congressional Election districts are so gerrymandered that it's going to be tough to change the makeup of Congress by a lot.  And the average American, whether liberal or conservative, is so poorly informed yet so much of a know-it-all that it's too much to expect them to elect anything but a corrupt group back to Congress.  Years from now, we Americans of today will be looked down on by Historians because of how we let real democracy get away from us just like Historians look down on the French People after they let the 1789 Revolution turn into the Reign of Terror followed by the butchering of Europe by Napoleon.Lots of alternatives. Best one: Leave it alone so people can continue to work full time jobs with benefits instead of two part time jobs with no benefits because of stupid Obamacare 29 hour work week rule.Ted Cruz looks like a prophet now.  Obamacare is a train wreck.  We are on target for 22 trillion in debt by the end of Obama's Presidency. Wake up.DanWe at least expected the website to work.  As far as the shut down costing 24 Billion dollars ( if at all true) I am more concerned with the 22 Trillion projected debt we will have before Obama ends his term.  Your parroting the dubious 24 billion number is laughable.  Our real problem is far greaterObama is a dishonest man.  His lies are blatantThe poll says those preferring republicans are upper middle class income, white voters.
They probably have good jobs and health care and are looking down upon average middle
class working men and women struggling with low wages and no real health care.  Those
preferring republicans also are no doubt those in phony christian churches which are just
republican political organizations AND are as far from true christian principles as one can get.Republicans think because of the ACA the majority of Americans are going to forget what they have done and not done over the last five years.  Think again repubs.  You think you are winning the battle but you have already lost the war.Mary M Republicans are winning and Democrats thought that they had their moment now with the Health care debacle read the article Mary your party has done a bad job the spotlight is on the Dems read the article Mary.The 2014 Elections are just less than a YEAR away, which is more than enough time for Republicans to irk every Minority Group in America twenty times over again.
Just think about how many messages the GOP can release explaining how their Protestant White Values (PWV) are the only true American Values, and how we should all aspire to be like them, even though we do not have a chance of achieving such greatness, due to not being genetically good enough to be a real Republicans.
The GOP sold their Souls for a few nutjob Tea Party votes, and now stand before America Soulless, explaining how they are the solutions for the situations they created when they had the Oval Office, Congress, and the Courts.
It is fun to see how Republicans think they are winning though.  Obama is letting them have their day, knowing timing is everything; waiting for March 2014 to begin the pummeling of the GOP, and the retaking of Congress.mac1017
YOU are what is right with this country. We cannot be concerned just with our own self interests. We must also care about what is best for everyone. WASHINGTON — While former Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. awaits sentencing for misusing about $750,000 in campaign funds, his political organization has received its third warning from the Federal Election Commission for failing to submit reports on its finances. According to FEC records, the campaign has missed its last three report deadlines and has not filed a disclosure since December, a few weeks after Jackson resigned from office. Prosecutors want Jackson to get four years in prison when he is sentenced Aug. 14. The lack of FEC reports has left unanswered the question of whether Jackson is using leftover campaign money to pay his legal bills — which the FEC generally allows. The FEC's warning letters have gone to Jackson's treasurer, Vickie Pasley, a Chicago attorney. "It is important that you file this report immediately," a commission official wrote her Friday when it sought financial information for this year's second quarter. The FEC wrote Pasley in February to ask why the campaign had not filed a year-end report for 2012 and in May to ask why it skipped a first-quarter 2013 report. The letters cautioned that failure to file could result in a civil money penalty, audit or legal enforcement action. Washington lawyer Brett Kappel, who specializes in campaign finance regulation and has no connection to the Jackson case, said he would be "extremely surprised" if the ex-congressman wasn't using his war chest to pay legal bills. At the FEC, spokesman Christian Hilland said several advisory opinions from the FEC indicate that campaign dollars may be used to pay up to 100 percent of legal expenses related to campaign or officeholder activity. Jackson, 48, has five lawyers — at least two working for free — and none responded this week when contacted by the Tribune. Nor did Pasley return calls for comment. Earlier, Pasley told the FEC that Jackson's campaign had $105,703 on hand as of Nov. 26. She said his campaign raked in more than $1 million in contributions in the 2011-12 election cycle and that its spending had hit $1.1 million. kskiba@tribune.com Twitter @KatherineSkibaCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune AdvertisementSupported byLetter From WashingtonBy Albert R. Hunt | Bloomberg ViewWASHINGTON — Senator Jeff Flake of Arizona likes President Obama, voted to give him the authority to strike Syria, supported the comprehensive immigration legislation favored by the White House, and works comfortably with members of the opposing party.The six-term House Republican, who is now serving his first term in the Senate, also is a rock-ribbed conservative, especially on economic and fiscal issues. He has been a darling of the Club for Growth; before going to Congress, he ran the Goldwater Institute in his home state.As a conservative who mixes conviction and civility, he is a member of a vanishing breed. He stands out among the Tea Party-driven congressional Republicans who are threatening to shut down the government or risk a U.S. default by refusing to increase the debt ceiling — and do not withhold their venom toward Mr. Obama. (Representative Kerry Bentivolio of Michigan, for example, delights his constituents with his relish for a presidential impeachment. His animosity runs so deep that he said he “couldn’t stand” to be in the same room with Mr. Obama.)On most social questions, Mr. Flake is squarely on the right. He opposes abortion rights, and, unlike Arizona’s senior senator, John McCain, he refused to break with orthodoxy and support a mild background check for gun buyers. He is a Mormon — a graduate of Brigham Young University in Utah and a former missionary in Africa — and opposes same-sex marriage. But he is not a demagogue; in the House, he voted to repeal the military’s “don’t ask, don’t tell” restriction and to allow gays to serve in the armed forces.Even though he has been attacked from the political right for defying the majority in his party with his Syria and immigration votes, he has no regrets.“Syria was more about the presidency than the president,” he said in an interview last week outside the Senate chamber. “You’ve got to look beyond the immediate. America benefits from having a strong commander in chief.”He was a member of the bipartisan Senate Gang of Eight, which crafted a comprehensive immigration overhaul measure this year. Six years ago, he backed another effort to change immigration policies. “There’s a much better atmosphere today on immigration than there was in 2007,” he said.As a U.S. representative, Mr. Flake’s successful libertarian-minded campaign to ban earmarks — the small spending projects that members were long allowed to direct to their districts — so annoyed party leaders that he was denied a seat on the House Appropriations Committee.Mr. Flake acknowledged that ending earmarks also took away a tool lawmakers used to forge compromises though political horse-trading. Nonetheless, he insists that the practice perpetuated an “obscene” system. “Members of Congress used earmarks to contract out their campaign financing,” he said. “It was the currency of corruption.”He is consistently anti-spending, anti-tax and anti-deficit. A decade ago, he was one of the few House Republicans to oppose President George W. Bush’s expanded prescription-drug benefit for senior citizens because the measure was not paid for. He has favored replacing the income tax with a national sales tax.On the economy, Mr. Obama “has been a disaster,” he said. Yet the athletic and deeply tanned Arizonan (he would look out of place in North Dakota) concedes that the president “has a good jump shot,” which he observed when he was invited to play in one of the president’s pickup basketball games.Unlike some of his colleagues, he does not personalize his philosophical differences with Mr. Obama. “I’ve never been able to work up the hatred that some Republicans have for the president,” Mr. Flake said. “As a person, I like him; he’s a good family man.”The fiscal conservative believes Tea Party-inspired plans to shut down the government or to oppose an increase in the debt ceiling and risk default unless Obamacare is killed are crazy. “It’s a mistake,” said Mr. Flake. He, too, is a critic of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, but he says the hard-line Republican approach “won’t work, and Congress is held in pretty low regard already.”This sensible stance has drawn the ire of a few old allies. The Senate Conservatives Fund, a political action committee, is running ads against Mr. Flake and other Republicans who refuse to hold the government hostage to repealing the health care law.The PAC gushed over Mr. Flake during his Senate run last year, and its chairman, Jim DeMint, a former Republican senator, endorsed him: “When it comes to fighting wasteful spending and parochial politics, nobody has done more to advance the cause of freedom than Jeff Flake. Nobody.”Today, Mr. Flake shrugs off the criticism as well as the more vicious attacks on his Syria vote and his immigration stance, but he regrets the more acrimonious political climate. “The last five years or so, this has become a lot more intense,” he said. “It’s the shirts versus the skins; you can’t work with the other side on anything.”He said he would continue to seek common ground with the other side: “There are a lot of talented, straight-shooting Democrats here.” Specifically, he cites his work with Senator Joe Manchin III of West Virginia on regulatory matters, with Senator Michael Bennet of Colorado on immigration, and with a fellow freshman, Martin Heinrich of New Mexico, on questions related to public land.Most of his closer Republican colleagues share his fiscal conservatism: Tom Coburn of Oklahoma, Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania and Marco Rubio of Florida, with whom he also worked on immigration. He also has high regard for — and often defers to — Mr. McCain, even though his Arizona colleague does not share all his fiscal views.The breakdown in comity and increased political polarization, he said, does not just stymie liberals; it is harmful to conservative causes, too.“As an advocate of limited government, I’m often not opposed to gridlock,” he said. But the lack of any regular order in the Senate “inhibits oversight and other responsibilities.”The result often is destructive politics: “When you engage in vitriol,” he said, “it always comes back to haunt you.” Advertisement‘The Governor’ of D.C.ShareJeffrey E. Thompson wasn’t on the list for the private party at the Bombay Club, a refined Indian restaurant a short distance from the White House, where presidents and celebrities have nibbled on naan.The exclusive, 21-seat event was limited to Anthony A. Williams — the District’s chief financial officer — and the top 20 fundraisers and advisers who had helped him win the Democratic primary for mayor. The victory celebration had already begun on that September night in 1998 when Williams arrived with the relatively unknown Thompson trailing behind. Above: Jeffrey Thompson, above right, came to the District from humble beginnings, started what became one of the country’s premier African American accounting firms and became a wealthy D.C. power player. Then came revelations about a “shadow campaign” and a wide-ranging federal investigation, with Thompson at the center of the political storm.In the video: Reporter Nikita Stewart explains Thompson’s significance in D.C. politics and connections to key figures. (Washington Post illustration; photo of Thompson by Jason Miccolo Johnson)Max Berry, chairman of Williams’s campaign, discreetly pulled Thompson aside before he entered the intimate dinette, somewhat hidden to the left of the main dining room.“I’m sorry,” Berry told him. “You’re not on the list.”Thompson, tall and impeccably dressed, snapped back: “The mayor invited me.”He had arrived at the table of District politics. He would not be brushed off.“We had to add a chair,” Berry recalled.Jeffrey Earl Thompson was already a man of many distinctions. A Jamaican immigrant who came to the District in 1975, he had co-founded one of the country’s premier African American accounting firms: Thompson, Cobb, Bazilio and Associates (TCBA).He would go on to own D.C. Chartered Health Plan, a profitable health-care firm that managed services for 100,000 residents who were uninsured or on Medicaid.“I always admired him,” said Williams, who describes Thompson as his friend. “He came from nothing.”He was also a champion political fundraiser who over two decades used his wealth to extend his influence, in and out of politics. He described himself as “the Governor” of the District, even though he had never been elected to public office and few outside government knew his name.His near-anonymity ended when federal investigators began focusing on his political spending, leading to a March 2012 raid on his homes and offices. They were on the trail of a “shadow campaign,” a hidden $653,000 operation investigators say was solely funded by an unindicted, unnamed co-conspirator to help Vincent C. Gray win the 2010 Democratic mayoral primary over incumbent Adrian M. Fenty. Court documents indicate that unnamed person is Thompson.“It’s sad to see. It’s tragic. It’s sad that he put himself in this position. It’s sad he got bad advice or didn’t listen to advice.”—Anthony A. Williams, former D.C. mayor, who describes Jeffrey Thompson as his friendAs investigators looked more closely, they uncovered additional layers of alleged political deception by the man who publicly supported one candidate while apparently funding another in secret. Court documents that cite an unnamed person fitting Thompson’s profile describe a kingmaker running an operation that delivered hundreds of thousands of dollars in illegal “straw donor” campaign contributions to sway elections in the city and beyond.Thompson’s rise and fall have upended D.C. politics, reordering political alliances and affecting everything from how candidates raise money to who might be the city’s next mayor.This account is based on thousands of pages of court and city documents and more than 100 interviews, including more than a dozen with close associates and relatives of Thompson, some in his ancestral home in Jamaica.Thompson, 58, has not been charged. His attorney, Brendan V. Sullivan Jr., declined to comment Friday and said he has a policy of not speaking to the media about pending matters. Friends of Thompson say he is holding up well under the strain, continuing to attend social events and accepting well-wishers, even as he has had to sell his accounting firm and has seen his health-care firm fall into receivership.But the FBI has traveled as far away as Los Angeles interviewing members of Thompson’s network of a few hundred friends, associates and employees.That group was cobbled together from Thompson’s various worlds: his mother, siblings, aunts, uncles, nieces and nephews; dozens upon dozens of employees and their relatives from Chartered and TCBA; entrepreneurs who tapped him for advice and money; random producers, directors, actors and actresses in New York and Los Angeles; and close associates in the District, including his hairdresser.Rarely did those worlds meet. What they had in common was Thompson’s money. They depended on him for their livelihoods and even no-interest loans based on little more than handshakes. Thompson depended upon the good graces of elected city officials who approved his lucrative contracts, which paid him millions. It was a constant circle of money, and it had protected his interests for years.But Thompson feared that what he had built was vulnerable under Fenty, who had succeeded Williams and refused to pay obeisance to Thompson. He feared that a Fenty reelection in 2010 would cost him his $322 million Chartered contract. That was when, friends said, he made his fatal mistake.“It’s sad to see,” Williams said. “It’s tragic. It’s sad that he put himself in this position. It’s sad he got bad advice or didn’t listen to advice.”
                                                    The beach-side Little Ochie restaurant in Alligator Pond, Jamaica, is alive day and night. The beach and recreation area was a favorite spot of Jeffrey Thompson’s when he was growing up in nearby Bull Savannah.                                                                            (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
                                                He came from working-class beginnings in Bull Savannah, a small, hilly town in Jamaica’s St. Elizabeth parish. Aunt Pearl Elliott Dunkley remembered him being a bit sickly, or “fragile.” His friends recalled a shoeless boy running the dirt roads reddened by bauxite, swimming, catching crabs and shooting birds with slingshots.He was the youngest of 11 children born to Myrtle and Charles C. Thompson. His father was a farmer, a worker at the local bauxite factory and a truck driver who was well respected for being one of the first in town to travel long distances, friends and relatives said.“It was a firetruck, an ambulance, a taxi,” Bull Savannah’s Beverton “Teddy” Roye, who remains one of Thompson’s best friends, said of his father’s truck. “If anybody got sick, you had to call Master Charlie.”Derrick Rochester, Thompson’s cousin, said the elder Thompson drove workers each morning to the bauxite factory.“He would drive out at 5 a.m. to come pick us up, and he would never be late,” said Rochester, a highly decorated, retired member of Parliament and trade unionist.Jeffrey Thompson’s love of numbers began when he was a young boy working in the shop of his maternal grandparents, Wintworth and Edith Elliott.“He was a young grandson, so he got a lot of attention, a lot of nurturing,” Dunkley said of Thompson.The Elliotts operated the shop like a general store, extending credit to their customers.“Nothing written down,” said Dunkley, 79. “There was a lady who had 24 children. Every Christmas I couldn’t wait to hear if she had a new baby.”People could repay them a year or more later, Dunkley said. Other relatives said some people went to their graves owing the Elliotts.Thompson’s eventual journey to the United States was a necessity, friends and family said. Bull Savannah, which currently has a population of about 7,000, did not yet have a public secondary school that students could easily attend for free. Entrance into the local boarding schools — Munro College for boys and Hampton School for girls — was an impossible feat for children of Thompson’s background, friends and relatives said.“No fault of ours, we didn’t make it,” Roye said. “You made it if you were able to pay your way in.’”Thompson, Roye and Levi Lewis — classmates who faced a premature end to their education — were saved by a program that Rochester started. In two classrooms with glassless windows and cement floors at Junction Secondary School, the boys took accounting while most girls took secretary courses.In the early 1970s, Myrtle Thompson was so distraught after losing two of Thompson’s siblings — a daughter from natural causes and a son assumed drowned in the Caribbean — that she moved to the District to be with relatives, Dunkley said. She worked as a domestic.Jeffrey Thompson, his father and his other siblings followed a few years later. Thompson once pinpointed the date when he moved to the District as Feb. 15, 1975. He was weeks shy of his 20th birthday.His family lived in an apartment at 16th Street and Columbia Road NW, said his brother Barry Thompson, 70, a former construction worker who said Jeffrey has helped him financially through the years.Barry said his younger brother started his climb in that crowded Columbia Road apartment. “That’s where he built his foundation. He would start every night. He would get juice out of the fridge and start studying,” he said. “You work hard. You study hard. . . . He was tremendous in what he did.”Jeffrey’s educational certificates from Jamaica did not transfer, so he earned a GED and enrolled at the University of the District of Columbia.“At that time, he told me point-blank he was going to open his own business,” classmate Roxroy Anderson said. “He wasn’t too keen on working for anybody.”To pay his way through school, Thompson worked as a bookkeeper for the National Rifle Association. His father found concierge work at the Mayflower, the downtown hotel. In 1979, mother, father and son jointly bought a modest rowhouse on Farragut Street NW for $55,000. They borrowed $50,500.ThompsonThompson, Cobb, Bazilioand Associates (TCBA)Ralph BazilioUniversity of the District of Columbia graduateTanya R. Curtis-HaleyOriginal partner, left company in 1994Michael J. CobbTulane University graduate, replaced Curtis-HaleyIn May 1980, Thompson, now 25, was among the graduates from UDC’s business school to be honored at its ninth annual awards dinner. Thompson stood out, not just for his ambition but also for his posture and natty attire.“He didn’t just dress tall,” Anderson said. “He walked tall.”He interned at Mitchell & Titus, a top minority-run accounting firm and a New York-based affiliate of Ernst & Young.After college, he became the financial services manager of the Washington Business Development Center under a Commerce Department minority business program. Thompson later said that while at the center he secured “over $23 million of debt and equity financing for numerous minority-owned businesses in the Washington metropolitan area.”In 1983, he co-founded TCBA. Ralph Bazilio, a UDC graduate from Guyana with an immigrant background similar to Thompson’s, became his partner. At one time, the C in TCBA was for Tanya R. Curtis-Haley. She left in 1994 and formed her own firm.ThompsonThompson, Cobb, Bazilioand Associates (TCBA)Ralph BazilioUniversity of the District of Columbia graduateTanya R. Curtis-HaleyOriginal partner, left company in 1994Michael J. CobbTulane University graduate, replaced Curtis-HaleyThompson and Bazilio found another C in accountant Michael J. Cobb, a Tulane University graduate whose father had co-founded Independence Federal Savings Bank, one of the largest minority-owned banks in the country.While in his 30s, Thompson landed an influential client: the venerated Dorothy I. Height, longtime president of the National Council of Negro Women. The young accountant and the civil rights icon soon became close friends. Former city administrator Robert C. Bobb described their relationship as “mother and son,” remembering how Height once doted on Thompson during lunch at the Capital Grille.Height gave Thompson instant status; he gave her organization financial assistance. Years later in 1996, Height’s group wanted to purchase its $11 million headquarters on Pennsylvania Avenue. Thompson later said he raised the down payment in 15 minutes.ThompsonTCBA client Dorothy I. Height introduced him to …Alexis Herman, who recommended him to …Donna Brazile, who asked him to help …Eleanor Holmes Norton resolve her tax issue.Through Height, Thompson met Alexis Herman, who within a few years would become White House public liaison, then secretary of labor under President Bill Clinton. Thompson and Herman were both visiting an ill Height one evening. Thompson offered Herman a ride, which turned into dinner and eventually romance. (Herman declined to be interviewed for this article.)“They were in love,” Barry Thompson said.ThompsonTCBA client Dorothy I. Height introduced him to …Alexis Herman who recommended him to …Donna Brazile who asked him to help …Eleanor Holmes Norton solve her tax issue.Jeffrey escorted Herman to the 1994 state dinner for Nelson Mandela. He mixed with Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and Harry Belafonte as Whitney Houston sang and everyone dined on halibut with sesame crust and bibb salad.Herman, known as a problem solver, helped Thompson gain a reputation for being one, too.In 1990, Eleanor Holmes Norton was the front-runner to become D.C.’s non-voting delegate when she and her then-husband, Ed, ran into troubles over unpaid income taxes.Donna Brazile, Norton’s good friend, called Herman, who recommended Thompson’s firm, according to Brazile’s autobiography. He took charge. “Jeff, an accountant with a Caribbean accent, talked fast while Ralph, his partner, sat taking notes, reviewing Ed’s materials and listening,” Brazile wrote.The Nortons quickly wrote a check for $25,000, and she went on to win the seat, which she still holds.It is unclear when Thompson and Herman, who married her current husband in 2000, broke up. Friends say Thompson today is guarded about his social life. But he bought Herman’s Crestwood home in January 1995 for $366,000 and continued to run in the circles to which she introduced him.In June 1997, Clinton spoke at the Democratic National Committee dinner in the Crystal Ballroom at the Sheraton-Carlton Hotel. Thompson was one of contributors he thanked.Two decades after his father found work in a hotel, Thompson was a VIP guest.
                                                    Jeffrey Thompson urged Anthony Williams, above, to apply for the job of chief financial officer for the District. Williams’s successful tenure as CFO helped launch his political career – with two terms as D.C. mayor.                                                                            (Michael S. Williamson/The Washington Post)
                                                While Thompson was spending the 1980s and early ’90s expanding his accounting firm to several cities and being schooled in the ways of Capitol Hill, the city was becoming crime-ridden and heading for financial collapse.The FBI busted Mayor Marion Barry in January 1990, recording him smoking crack in a Vista International Hotel room. The grainy video of the arrest would play over and over on national television.Barry’s fall and comeback took place during the same period that African Americans were gaining power nationally. Lawyer and lobbyist Ronald H. Brown, elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee, was part of a group of black politicos crucial to Clinton’s 1992 election.Clinton, called “the first black president” by prizewinning author Toni Morrison, appointed more African Americans to high-level positions than any president. Among them was Anthony Williams, a bow-tie-wearing lawyer whom Clinton tapped to be the chief financial officer of the Agriculture Department.During a meeting at the USDA, Williams was introduced to Thompson.They had an immediate affinity.ThompsonMayor Marion BarryThompson volunteered on Barry’s mayoral transition team and recommended Anthony Williams for D.C. chief financial officer in 1994.Anthony A. WilliamsElected mayor 1998.Thompson acts as a kitchen cabinet adviser to Williams.Though Williams was far more educated, with a degree from Yale and two from Harvard, they shared a love of accounting, were not that far apart in age and had been reared in large families in working-class circumstances.Williams, although perceived as aloof, had a taste for self-deprecation and slapstick, able to embrace the contemptuous nickname “Mr. Bow Tie.” He once livened up a party at the Argentine ambassador’s home by jumping fully clothed into the pool.Marion Barry proved to be another ally. He emerged from a six-month prison sentence for cocaine possession to stage a major political comeback, winning a council seat in 1992 with 70 percent of the vote and a fourth term as mayor in 1994.ThompsonWorked for Barry on his mayoral transition team.Mayor Marion BarryThompson recommended Williams for D.C. chief financial officer in 1994.Anthony A. WilliamsElected mayor 1998Thompson acts as a kitchen cabinet adviser to Williams.He tapped Thompson to be on his mayoral transition team.The city’s financial crisis had worsened to a $722 million deficit, and Congress created a financial control board to take over the city’s budget. The mayor had the power to appoint a chief financial officer to oversee the budget and report to the board, but only Congress had the authority to remove the CFO.Barry selected Thompson to serve on the search committee for the vital position. “He contacted me about the CFO job, and the rest is history,” Williams said.Thompson personally delivered Williams’s résumé.Williams was eventually credited with dramatically turning around the city’s finances and was drafted by concerned residents to run for mayor. And Thompson was there for the ride.But the usual politicos were not used to Thompson.His attire alone distinguished him. “When I first met him, he was always well dressed in a vested suit,” said Max Berry, 77, a longtime fixture in D.C. politics who led Williams’s fundraising team as campaign chairman. “Always a funny-looking hat, like he was from Mississippi or on a Mississippi riverboat, something out of a Mark Twain novel. . . . Very old-fashioned but in good taste.”Thompson wasn’t just a bull in a china shop. He was the china-shop owner. He believed in ceremony, decorum and an adherence to formalities. His critics considered him pompous.“I’ll probably regret this as soon as I say it, but I knew from the moment I met him I was never going to be his best friend,” Berry said. “He’s what you would call a bit politically flamboyant.”“He would always say, ‘The Governor is adding value.’ If you didn’t know him, you would think it was egomaniacal.”—Max Brown, deputy chief of staff for Mayor Anthony WilliamsOnce, during a fundraiser, Thompson held court at the Hay-Adams hotel, according to a political consultant who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the ongoing federal investigation. “I walked in, and there was Jeff at the head of the table. Beautiful china. All of a sudden, ding, ding, ding,” the consultant said, hitting a plate with a knife to demonstrate. “He had on a top hat — I swear. He took it off and said, ‘Gentlemen.’ He passed the hat around, and people filled it with checks.”Max Brown, 48, who worked as counsel to Williams when he was city CFO and who served as deputy chief of staff when he was mayor, described Thompson as a kitchen cabinet adviser to Williams.Thompson talked about himself in the third person. “He would always say, ‘The Governor is adding value,’ ” Brown said. “If you didn’t know him, you would think it was egomaniacal.”In one breath, Brown described Thompson as “kind,” “generous” and “ruthless.”By the mid-1990s, Thompson still had much to prove. The accounting firm was thriving, stretching into five cities from the District to Los Angeles. He was wealthy, but he sought more.His moment arose through another man’s misfortune.By 2000, retired Army Col. Robert L. Bowles had spent years creating and building D.C. Chartered Health Plan, which had a contract to manage health care for some of the city’s poorest residents. Hoping to expand, Bowles teamed with Reston-based PHP Healthcare. When that company went bankrupt, “we became collateral for the lender,” said Bowles, who has a doctorate in business and health-care administration. “In the end, the liquidating trustee decided to sell the company.”Thompson would be the new owner.Bowles said his effort to buy back the company was rejected.“It was extremely painful. You build a company . . . I had built a company that became a family,” he said, trailing off.Thompson paid $4 million for it in May 2000. Correction: The original article stated D.C. General was the only acute-care hospital east of the Anacostia River. The hospital was located west of the river and mainly served residents in the eastern part of the city. The article has been updated to reflect this.The value of Chartered soared in 2001 after Williams and the financial control board closed the city-run D.C. General, the only acute-care hospital serving poorer residents who mainly lived on the eastern side of the city, and created the D.C. Healthcare Alliance, a program for uninsured, low-income residents who did not qualify for Medicaid or Medicare. Chartered would play a key role in setting up the program and would later provide the care for the patients under a city contract.Within years, the company, which had about 25,000 enrollees under Bowles’s ownership and $26 million in annual revenue, grew to serve 100,000 residents and was bringing in $322 million a year under its city contract. From 2006 through 2008, Thompson’s solely owned holding company received $7.7 million in dividends, records show. Chartered also paid millions in contracts to other Thompson businesses, such as TCBA and RapidTrans, a shuttle service for patients.“He paid Dr. Bowles $4 million for Chartered and built it into a $300-million-something enterprise,” Marion Barry said. “He’s one of the few black people in the United States who built this kind of [managed-care company]. . . . That takes quite a bit of skill.”
                                                    Bull Savannah Primary School sixth-graders, from left, Britannia Johnson, 11, Daniella Hall, 11, Britney Ellis, 13, and Britany Durrant, 12. Jeffrey Thompson donated about $30,000 to the Jamaican school he attended as a youth.                                                                            (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
                                                Thompson could now afford the finer things — tailored suits, Taittinger champagne, a vintage burgundy Jaguar and Wizards floor seats.More importantly, the money gave Thompson enormous power and an extraordinary ability to extend generosity to his friends and family, from the District to Jamaica. In his home town, he donated about $30,000 to the primary school he attended, for a computer lab, library, parking lot and canteen renovation.Seven or eight members of Thompson’s large extended family have earned doctorates, in areas such as psychology, sociology and medicine, said his aunt, Dunkley, who has a doctorate in education from Columbia University. But Thompson is, by far, the most successful financially.When he visited Jamaica, it was as if Santa Claus had come. He would stand at the gate of his parents’ home, listening to the hardships of residents and passing out money. “It’s like a holiday when he comes down here,” said Sydney Elliott, 91, his uncle.Throughout the year, he contributed to residents selected for him by Seaview Baptist in Bull Savannah. “Persons are without a job; some are needs, like operations. We discuss it,” said the Rev. Paul Neil, pastor of the church.Sometimes the giving was more personal.Last year, he paid for doctors’ visits for the cancer-stricken midwife who had delivered him, Dunkley said. He partially paid for her funeral when she died.Levi Lewis, his former classmate, said he went into farming after retiring from his longtime career as a police officer. He lost thousands when a contract was canceled in 2009. “When he came, I told him. . . . He gave me $6,000 in U.S. money,” Lewis said, adding that he has never had to repay Thompson.Local folklore has it that a con artist once bilked a woman by telling her that Thompson had sent her some money but that she had to pay to get it, said Beryl Rochester, his cousin’s wife.In the United States, through loans and investments, he quietly provided thousands of dollars to local entrepreneurs who did not have access to capital or regular bank loans.Among them was Dawn Kum, the founder and chief executive of the Village Academy of Washington, D.C., a private school for students with learning disabilities. Thompson allowed Ian Thorne, his hairdresser, to operate rent-free in a building he owned in Southeast.Thorne did not return calls seeking comment. In a brief interview, Kum described Thompson as an “investor.”One of the things Thompson did on his way up was hire people with connections. Kim Dickens, who donated a kidney to Marion Barry in 2009, was a consultant to Chartered. Richard B. Willett, who had introduced Thompson to Williams at the Agriculture Department, was a senior principal at TCBA. Jeanne Clarke Harris, who played a key role as a bank executive in Thompson’s purchase of Chartered, became a principal at RapidTrans, the transportation firm.Barry said Thompson’s willingness to hire people with political ties should be commended.“I have friends who wouldn’t do that,” said Barry, who recalled that Thompson gave his son, Christopher, a mailroom job. “He was bighearted.”That bigheartedness extended to campaign coffers around the country and in the Caribbean. He supported African American candidates, such as Kasim Reed, now mayor of Atlanta, and others with whom he shared a political affinity, such as the Clintons.ThompsonMayorAdrianM. FentyInitially backed Linda W. Cropp for mayor.Later, Thompson threw a fundraiser for Fenty, once it was clear late in the primary that Fenty would win.Entered into contracts with Fenty fraternity brothers Sinclair Skinner and Omar Karim, paying them for community relations work, according to people with knowledge of the agreements.Thompson’s D.C. Chartered Health Plan hired Athena Cross-Edge, Fenty’s sister-in-law, as an executive in 2008.But he was also strategic. “When Jeff decided to take Chartered into Maryland, he asked me to introduce him to the governor,” said Ivan Walks — Kum’s ex-husband and a former city health director — who met Thompson when he bought Chartered.Together, they co-hosted a fundraiser for Gov. Martin O’Malley (D) at the downtown TCBA offices in 2010.“The governor came,” Walks said. “Everybody wrote checks.”Thompson expected the checks from his invited guests to be sizable, said a former senior Chartered executive who requested anonymity to speak freely.Thompson would amble around a room filled with 50 or so guests and collect the checks himself. His niece Bridgette Thompson, who was also his secretary, would follow him with a container.He would take notice of the amounts of the checks, signaling his approval by placing the big ones in his coat pocket and indicating his disapproval by placing less generous checks in Bridgette’s container, the former senior executive recalled. Thompson, who insisted on meeting the candidates he backed, would deliver the large checks personally.One of the politicians Thompson supported was then-D.C. Council Chairman Linda W. Cropp (D), who was endorsed by Williams and was seen as his logical successor.In 2006, Thompson threw a fundraiser and bundled thousands of dollars in contributions for Cropp in her race against Fenty, then a Ward 4 council member, in the Democratic primary. But when it became clear late in the primary that Fenty was going to win, Thompson threw a fundraiser for him.After Fenty won, Thompson entered into contracts with two of Fenty’s fraternity brothers, Sinclair Skinner and Omar Karim, paying them for community relations work, according to two people with knowledge of the arrangement. And Chartered hired Athena Cross-Edge, Fenty’s sister-in-law, as an executive in 2008.ThompsonMayorAdrianM. FentyInitially backed Linda W. Cropp for mayor.Later, Thompson threw a fundraiser for Fenty.Entered into contracts for community relations with Fenty fraternity brothers Sinclair Skinner and Omar Karim, according to people with knowledge of the agreements.Chartered hired Athena Cross-Edge, Fenty’s sister-in-law, as an executive in 2008.(Skinner declined to comment. Brian K. McDaniel, Karim’s attorney, declined to comment. Cross-Edge, who no longer works at Chartered, did not return calls.)But Fenty did not need Thompson.Thompson’s belated support made it difficult for him to get close to Fenty. “I definitely remember him being frustrated with not getting a meeting with Adrian,” said Ben Soto, Fenty’s campaign treasurer. “I vividly remember being at a Wizards game and he was blowing up my phone.”
                                                    Adrian M. Fenty is former mayor of the District. An unindicted, unnamed co-conspirator who fits the description of  local businessman Jeffrey E. Thompson allegedly funded a secret $653,000 operation to help Fenty’s opponent Vincent C. Gray get elected in 2010.                                                                            (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post)
                                                Thompson’s troubles began in 2005 after council member David A. Catania (I-At Large) ordered an audit of all managed-care firms. “It made sense to take a look to make sure we were getting value for our money,” Catania said.The audit findings were jarring: Chartered Health Plan was paying double the going rate to Thompson-owned clinics and to RapidTrans, his transportation firm.  The city sued, alleging $7.7 million in “excessive” expenses.Thompson settled, wiring the city $12 million in September 2008 and agreeing to an additional $5.25 million in charitable contributions. He also had to agree to stricter reporting standards for a five-year period.He realized he needed a stronger political ally in the mayor’s office, friends said.He met privately with Vincent Gray in spring 2010, through the auspices of Jeanne Clarke Harris. She and Thompson had been business associates and friends from their days a decade earlier working on the Chartered deal. Gray was on her shortlist of birthday party guests each year.Gray, an affable D.C. Council chairman nearly 30 years older than Fenty, was seemingly the antithesis of the mayor, whose hard-charging, somewhat cold style alienated many constituents, especially African Americans. As he had with so many other politicians, Thompson laid on the charm.“He did not want the sitting mayor to find out he was supporting his opponent. If somehow the sitting mayor won, he would be in some serious contractual problems.”—Jeanne Clarke Harris, a longtime business associate of Thompson’s, during a court hearingThe two men met at Harris’s Massachusetts Avenue apartment, according to a close friend of Thompson’s and a second person with knowledge of the investigation — both requested anonymity because of the ongoing case. Mark Long, who is Harris’s godson and worked as Gray’s driver during the campaign, waited in another room, both people said. Long did not return calls for comment.At some point, Harris excused herself and left the men alone, and they had a one-on-one conversation, according to a person close to Gray who requested anonymity to speak freely.At the meeting, Thompson promised to give Gray’s campaign financial support, according to Thompson’s friend. But Thompson told Gray that he did not want to support him publicly, the friend of Thompson said.“It was supposed to be a loan,” the friend said. “He was trying to hide from Fenty. He was hedging his bets.”The friend said the loan was supposed to be reported after the election.Harris would later allude to Thompson’s motivation during a court hearing: “He did not want the sitting mayor to find out he was supporting his opponent. If somehow the sitting mayor won, he would be in some serious contractual problems.”Robert S. Bennett, Gray’s attorney, declined to comment.However, the person close to the mayor said there was no discussion at the meeting of a loan or of illegal contributions in any form. “Thompson said: ‘I want to raise money for you. . . . I have to be careful here because these Fenty people are telling people that they will be dead [if they contribute to Gray],’­ ” the person said.Later, Thompson gave Gray bundled contributions that “the mayor believed were legitimate contributions,” reporting them as required, the person said.
                                                    The tenure of D.C. Mayor Vincent C. Gray, above, has been clouded since his victory in the 2010 election, which prosecutors say was tainted by illegal activity. Court documents assert that mayoral candidate Sulaimon Brown was paid to disparage incumbent Adrian Fenty on the primary campaign trail and that there was also a clandestine $653,000 effort to help Gray get elected.                                                                             (Jahi Chikwendiu/The Washington Post)
                                                The “shadow campaign” was housed in an office adjacent to Gray’s Sixth Street NW official headquarters and coordinated to use the same vendors, court documents would later allege.The shadow version gave the official campaign resources to pay for 200 umbrellas, 6,500 T-shirts and 120,000 pieces of literature to hang on doors, along with field workers and hotel accommodations for some of them.Meanwhile, Thompson publicly supported Fenty, up until the ballots were counted.On primary night on Sept. 14, 2010, Thompson attended a watch party at the Fenty headquarters, housed in a vacant building that was formerly the home of the Curtis Chevrolet dealership. Somber supporters were coming to the realization that the polls leading up to the vote were accurate. Gray was going to win.ThompsonA meeting took place at Jeanne Clarke Harris’s apartment between Thompson and Gray, according to several sources.MayorVincentC. GrayStraw contributorsSome money went to Gray campaign.No allegations have emerged in court documents that Gray was aware of the shadow campaign or the straw donations.Court documents allege an unnamed, unindicted co-conspirator fitting Thompson's description funded a parallel operation to the Gray campaign.Shadow campaign$653,000Court documents allege that unnamed person was also making campaign contributions in the names of others.Later that night, Thompson left for the Washington Court Hotel to celebrate with buoyant Gray supporters.After the primary, he met with Gray in his council office to advise him on the budget and on how to assemble a kitchen cabinet group of advisers.Gray’s election produced a windfall for Thompson. When Gray took office in early 2011, his administration revisited a long-running contract dispute with Chartered over rates for dental care. The Fenty administration had asked the contract appeals board to dismiss Chartered’s request for $14.9 million, but the Gray administration later agreed to give Chartered $7.5 million to “avoid further expensive and time consuming litigation,” city records show.In March 2011, Judy Banks, the mayor’s interim human resources director, wrote Gray an e-mail: “I was talking to Jeff Thompson the other day . . . we both think the one way to unite the citizens is to get every bank (including the World Bank), grocery store, federal agency, district agency, jewelry store, restaurant, and city owned business to adopt a DC Public School.”Gray wrote back, “That is a wonderful idea Judy.”The new mayor did not get much of a honeymoon. Gray’s first months in office in 2011 were rocked by allegations of nepotism, favoritism and excessive salaries.Then came the criminal allegations. Sulaimon Brown, who had been a minor mayoral candidate, told The Washington Post that he was paid cash and money orders and was promised a six-figure job by the Gray campaign if he disparaged Fenty on the campaign trail.A federal investigation immediately followed. Campaign workers told the FBI about the shadow campaign, saying it was managed by Vernon Hawkins, Gray’s close friend and an executive of a church nonprofit that benefited from Thompson’s philanthropy, according to several people with knowledge of the investigation. Hawkins has not been charged, and his attorney declined a request to comment.By summer 2011, FBI agents were asking about Thompson.He was aware they were talking to his friends. He urged Harris to go to Bahia, Brazil, for five years, according to court documents. “Then it was three months,” Harris would later say. “The answer to both was no.”In January 2012, one year into Gray’s term, Harris approached Gray and asked him to amend his campaign finance report and disclose the funding from Thompson, said three people with knowledge of the meeting. Gray has acknowledged meeting with Harris, but he has declined to detail their conversation, citing the investigation. His aides, however, have said he directed Harris to report any undocumented expenditures to the Office of Campaign Finance. Mark H. Tuohey, Harris’s attorney, declined to comment for this article.But the funding, totaling $653,000, was never reported. Correction: The original article contained several references to Thompson fitting the description of an unnamed, unindicted co-conspirator alleged in court documents to be linked either to unreported campaign spending or donations made in the names of others. In one of the references, the “un” was inadvertently dropped before “indicted.”In addition to the shadow campaign, the FBI had discovered a secret behind Thompson’s fundraising. Court documents say an unnamed, unindicted co-conspirator fitting Thompson’s description was allegedly making campaign donations in the names of others.ThompsonMeeting at Jeanne Clarke Harris’ apartment between Thompson and Gray, according to several sources.MayorVincentC. GrayStraw contributorsSome money went to Gray campaign.No allegations have emerged in court documents that Gray was aware of the shadow campaign or the straw donations.Court documents allege an unnamed, unindicted co-conspirator fitting Thompson's description funded a parallel operation to the Gray campaign.Shadow campaign$650,000Court documents allege that unnamed person was also making campaign contributions in the names of others.Suddenly, nearly every employee, associate, friend and relative of Thompson was under scrutiny. Several people with knowledge of the investigation said some of Thompson’s alleged “straw donors” were willing participants, sometimes taking a fee for the use of their names; others were simply reimbursed; and some had no idea their names were being used.Los Angeles talent agent Clearance Cheatham, who campaign records show gave $6,000 as an individual to District candidates from 2006 through 2011, said he was interviewed by the FBI and Internal Revenue Service this spring.“All I know is there is an investigation,” he said. “I don’t want to get involved in craziness. I have my own crazy.”In March 2012, the FBI and the IRS raided the offices of Thompson and Harris, who pleaded guilty four months later to acting as a straw donor and admitted her role in orchestrating the shadow campaign. She is awaiting sentencing.In June, Lee A. Calhoun, a TCBA employee, pleaded guilty to making $160,000 in contributions in his name and in the names of relatives with the knowledge that the money was coming from an unnamed person who fits Thompson’s description. ‘Straw donors’: Jeffrey Thompson fits the description of an unnamed, unindicted co-conspirator who allegedly made campaign donations in the names of others.His guilty plea was followed by one from Stanley L. Straughter, a Philadelphia businessman who worked as a contractor for Thompson’s firm. He admitted to making $132,600 in illegal political donations under his name, his company’s name and the names of relatives.Bazilio Cobb Associates, as the company is now known, disclosed in June that an internal investigation showed that donations were made in the names of employees, relatives and friends who where reimbursed at Thompson’s direction. The firm said the individuals “were ensnared by the aggressive solicitation of campaign contributions.”In May, the city-appointed receiver of Chartered sued Thompson and D.C. Healthcare Systems, his holding company, alleging that he had illegally transferred $17 million from the company. Thompson’s attorney on the case, David B. Killalea, did not respond to a request for comment.
                                                    Barry Thompson walks toward his home in Bull Savannah, Jamaica. He says he is angry that so many people his brother Jeffrey helped are turning on him. “To me, those kinds of people, I don’t even want to associate with them,” he said.                                                                            (Michel du Cille/The Washington Post)
                                                The investigation has taken a toll on Thompson’s large extended family, which he had looped into his network of contributors.Investigators have leaned heavily on his niece, Bridgette, who read and answered all of his business e-mails, according to interviews of former employees and to Thompson himself in an unrelated deposition. A new mother, she said in a brief phone conversation that she was busy taking care of her baby and could not talk.Barry Thompson is angry that so many people Thompson helped are turning on him. “To me, those kinds of people, I don’t even want to associate with them,” he said.Unlike his brother, Barry returned to live in Jamaica, where he owns a bar called Blueberry Hill that is attached to his Bull Savannah home. Thompson’s mother, Myrtle, 95, lives next door in a sprawling, single-story home hidden by a forest of mango and sweetsop trees.Myrtle, who is ill and rarely emerges from her house, is unaware of the investigation, said his aunt, Dunkley. “He’s protected us,” she said of Jeffrey. “He doesn’t want us to be worried.”Last month in Jamaica, over a genteel lunch of Parmesan-crusted fish, shrimp-and-lobster salad and Bombay mangoes, Dunkley expressed the concern that a whole community feels for Thompson.“I hope he gets this settled so he can get back to what he loves — helping the community,” she said.The investigation has curtailed his visits. He last flew down after his father died in October. More than 500 people attended the funeral at Seaview Baptist Church. A roadblock had to be erected in a town where many of the roads are still dirt paths. Friends said he did not talk of his troubles.Beverton Roye said Thompson had assured him earlier that he would prevail. “He said: ‘Don’t worry about me. I’m going to be all right. I’m clean,’ ” said Roye, who is chief public health inspector for St. Elizabeth parish. “Those are the exact words he said to me.”The usually media-shy Thompson basked in the spotlight each year during the televised, black-tie NAACP Image Awards. For more than a decade, TCBA had been the accounting firm that tabulated the results. But last year, the NAACP used other accountants.President Obama, Gov. O’Malley, Del. Norton and Del. Donna M. Christensen, who represents the U.S. Virgin Islands, have returned contributions they believed were associated with Thompson. Sen. Timothy M. Kaine (D-Va.) also returned money that had been given to his gubernatorial campaign.TCBA is now BCA. Thompson sold his 79 percent interest to Ralph Bazilio. He has sold some of his properties, including the salon that he allowed his hairdresser to use.Lawyer Charles Parsons sued Thompson when he tried to renege on the sale of the salon. “His assets are being stripped, and here I was, one of the strippers,” Parsons said.Parsons said he met with Thompson in person three or four times. They settled in March. Parsons noticed that Thompson never showed up in his tailor-made suits.“I thought he would be a very arrogant guy. . . . He’s had so much money sloshing around the gas tank,” Parsons said. “The fact of the matter is he wasn’t without his charm. He saw the humor in things. He laughed. He was laughing at a time when his world was coming down.”Jennifer Jenkins and Mike DeBonis contributed to this report.Graphics by Laura Stanton, Wilson Andrews; Video by Sohail Al-Jamea, Julio Negron, Wilson Andrews, Michel du Cille, Jayne Orenstein; Editing by Jeff Leen, Tim Curran, JJ Evans;Design by Chris George, Tim Wong; Photo editing and research by Mark Miller, Melina Mara, Dee Swann, Wendy Galietta, Nate Grann; Visual editing by Janet Michaud, Kat Downs; Project coordination by Greg Linch, Tim Richardson; Development by Connor Jennings, Tim WongThe D.C. power player’s path to success began on the dirt roads of the small coastal town of Bull Savannah.            
                
            
            Over two decades, Jeffrey Thompson has been a thread woven through the city’s political culture and power structure.            
                
            
            washingtonpost.com© 1996-2021 The Washington PostTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicySubmission and Discussion PolicyRSS Terms of ServiceAd ChoicesWhen President Obama was reelected to his second term in November 2012, his supporters were vocal about wanting a larger, more activist government. Seven months later, it’s fair to say those who don’t want to see the government reach further into our lives — or for that matter, don’t want much of anything to happen in Washington and who are usually identified as belonging to the Republican Party — are stronger today than they were on Inauguration Day in 2013.For much to happen in Washington, there needs to be a majority, or at least a large plurality of voters, who trust the notion that Washington activism will have a positive effect.  The current scandals, combined with President Obama’s lethargy and lack of planning, have driven trust in government to a recent new low. This strengthens the hand of those who don’t want anything to pass in Congress. An AP/GFK poll from April 2013 shows that only 21 percent of Americans “trust the government in Washington to do what’s right” either “just about always” or “most” of the time. Senator Marco Rubio recognizes this now-pervasive sentiment, referring to “the lack of trust in the federal government, and in particular, in this administration” when discussing border security concerns in the immigration reform bill.Ironically, it’s entirely possible that sequestration will end up being the most consequential piece of legislation that passes in President Obama’s second term. Neither side really wanted it to go into effect, and since the consequences are mostly passing unnoticed, it’s unlikely that it will be substantially amended.The president has lost any kind of momentum he may have had coming into his second term, and with his administration on the rocks, it doesn’t seem likely that he will gain any traction in the coming months. My friend and former Clinton Administration official Doug Sosnik hit the nail on the head when he said, “There’s not a single member of either party who fears paying a political price for not falling in line with the president, making it even more difficult to get members to cast difficult votes.”The growing lack of trust between the governed and the government confirms the beliefs — or at least the suspicions — of many conservative members of the House Republican caucus. They have no reason to bend to the will of Obama and his allies. Obama got his tax increase and House Republicans don’t believe that they’ll benefit from any further capitulation. Some Republican members see compromise as an abandonment of their principles in allowing some harm to the public good to be done. I don’t see what is going to happen to change this equation. And with the growing lack of trust in government, I also don’t see Obama being effective by trying to rule by executive order. With so few people trusting in government, attempting to govern by fiat could only serve to alienate voters the Democrats need in 2014.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicySectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALNew York (CNN) – The now-immortalized final moment of Anthony Weiner's failed New York mayoral campaign was the candidate's middle finger directed at a reporter curbside as his car drove away Tuesday night.CNN affiliate NY-1 captured Weiner flipping the bird on video as the candidate departed his primary election night party after delivering his concession speech, punctuating the end of his bizarre campaign and an odd evening.
Press, Weiner security scuffle. Reporter: "These are the type of people you surround yourself w/, who push us?" Cue: pic.twitter.com/TAKCKz88xc— Lindsey Christ (@LindseyChrist) September 11, 2013If that wasn't enough drama, Weiner had trouble getting into his event as Sydney Leathers, the woman at the center of the sexting controversy that began the unraveling of his mayoral campaign, had shown up outside in what she admitted was a blatant play for media attention. Weiner's problem was there was only one entrance to Connolly's Pub and Restaurant, the election night headquarters for his campaign."I'm here to celebrate. I think he needs some sex therapy," explained Leathers, who is now embracing a career in the porn industry.In Weiner's final days, more curiosity than serious candidateDressed in a skintight, red dress and platform black pumps, Leathers got what she was looking for as some of the press inside headed outside to interview the newly minted porn star. For about 30 minutes, it was a media frenzy outside. Leathers stuck around for several hours hoping Weiner would show up, even heading inside to the bar to drink a glass of white wine with a male friend."We went to his campaign headquarters today first, and he decided to rearrange his schedule because apparently he doesn't think he can handle confronting me or me being in his presence so I felt like it was only appropriate to make one last stop," she said.Sydney Leathers outside New York City mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner's election night Tuesday, September 10, 2013. Photo by Laura Dolan.She was right that campaign staff didn't want a scene out front as they spent a long time figuring out how to choreograph Weiner's arrival. When the candidate finally showed just before 11 p.m., he quickly bolted into a next door McDonald's restaurant. The press corps and Leathers gave chase – yes, this really happened – security pulled a blocking maneuver as Weiner ducked through a door that connected Connolly's and the Mickey D's.Despite the antics, Weiner made no mention of the spectacle outside during his concession speech. But his mood may have been reflected by his departing gesture.- CNN's Laura Dolan, Rosa Flores and Tim McCaughan contributed to this report.The media, nothing more than pathetic vultures.Hey, I guess New Yorkers made the right choice!I do not like Weiner and would never vote for him, but this young woman is a "garbage worm."   All men should be aware there are woman out there, just like her, willing to take them down.this just shows me how low and base some people in our society have become.,
no self respect.,
just greed and self gratifacation as a lifestyle choice.,
it shows an underlying sickness and deviant nature.,some would even say criminal.
whatabout the sick ties between his wife and the clinton empire/yup sickness and depravity.,criminal behavior on all counts.Did anybody even think this knucklehead was gonna win but him?  I think NYC told him where to stick that lame bird he threw!  Can't even get that right!It appears NYC actually gave Weiner the finger.....!  As for the slut who followed him around for media attention....she too needs therapy.Now Weiner is free to pursue his real calling: PervertWould you expect anything else from a guy who cheats on his wife and recently had a verbal obnoxious discussion with a New Yorker in a bakery shop? He'll surface again I'm sure. What an absolute idiot!Are we sure that was his finger?????SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News When Barack Obama unveils his jobs and economic plan to a joint session of Congress on Thursday, he'll do so at the lowest point of his presidency, according to a new NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll. After the bruising debt-ceiling fight — as well as Standard & Poor's subsequent downgrade of the nation's credit rating — Obama's job approval rating has sunk to a low of 44 percent, a 3-point drop since July. His handling of the economy stands at a low of 37 percent. And only 19 percent believe the country is headed in the right direction, the lowest mark for this president.Perhaps most ominously for Obama, a majority of poll takers — 54 percent — think he's facing a longer-term setback from which he's unlikely to recover. Back in January, just 39 percent agreed with that assessment. Indeed, that 54 percent is virtually identical to George W. Bush's score on the same question in the Nov. 2005 NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, which was released just months after Bush's widely criticized handling of Hurricane Katrina. "When [Obama] addresses the American public, he is going to have one more chance to provide some sense of hope and optimism that he ... can provide answers to what is a woeful economy," said Democratic pollster Peter D. Hart, who conducted the survey with Republican pollster Bill McInturff. But both Hart and McInturff contend that Obama wasn't the only party damaged by the debt ceiling debacle. A whopping 82 percent now disapprove of the job Congress is doing. In the history of this poll, it's an all-time high level of dissatisfaction with Capitol Hill. In addition, when asked who is most to blame for the S&P downgrade, a plurality points to congressional Republicans. And a majority of respondents say they would vote out every single member of Congress if they could. "Everybody in Washington is taking a substantial hit," McInturff said. Silver linings for ObamaYet Obama, in particular, took a gut punch. According to the poll, just 42 percent give the president high marks for possessing strong leadership qualities. That’s a 12-point drop from May (in the days following Osama bin Laden’s death). In addition, his high marks for being a good commander in chief have plunged 10 points (from 51 percent in May to his current 41 percent rating); his high marks for having the ability to handle a crisis have dropped 14 points (from 53 percent to 39 percent); and his high marks for achieving his goals have declined another 14 points (from 41 percent to 27 percent). If there's a silver lining for Obama, it's that a combined 70 percent of respondents still find him likeable (though nearly six in 10 say they disapprove of many of his policies). And 50 percent approve of his handling of foreign policy, which Hart says is significant because it suggests that the public doesn't think that everything Obama touches can be viewed negatively. What's more, in a hypothetical general election contest, Obama leads Texas Gov. Rick Perry by five points, 47 percent to 42 percent. And he leads former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney by one, 46 percent to 45 percent, though that margin is down five points since June. But for the first time in the poll, more say they'd probably vote for a generic Republican candidate (44 percent) than say they'd probably vote for Obama (40 percent). "Obama is no longer the favorite to win re-election," Hart said, explaining that a head-to-head score will usually conform to the generic one, especially when so many believe the country is headed in the wrong direction. Perry takes commanding GOP lead And there's a new favorite in the race for the Republican presidential nomination. Heading into the post-Labor Day sprint and the NBC News/Politico-sponsored debate at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library on Wednesday, Perry is the first choice among 38 percent of GOP voters — followed by Romney at 23 percent, Texas Rep. Ron Paul at 9 percent and Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann at 8 percent. Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and ex-Godfather’s Pizza CEO Herman Cain are tied with 5 percent of GOP voters each, while former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum gets 3 percent and former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman gets 2 percent. The NBC/WSJ survey is the latest poll to show Perry leading Romney nationally. In recent days, Gallup, Quinnipiac and CNN have had Perry out in front. On the 'super committee' and 9/11 Also this week, Congress returns to work, and topping the agenda is the start to the 12-member Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction — better known as the “super committee.” In the poll, 60 percent say it would be acceptable if the "super committee" considers reducing the deficit by ending the so-called Bush tax cuts for families earning $250,000 or more per year. Moreover, 56 percent say it would be acceptable if it considers reducing the deficit by a combination of tax increases and spending cuts. By comparison, just 37 percent believe it’s acceptable for the committee to reduce the deficit by only cutting spending and not raising taxes on corporations and the wealthy. And only 20 percent say it’s acceptable to lower the deficit by reducing spending on Medicare. Finally, this Sunday will be the 10th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terror attacks. According to the poll, 42 percent believe the U.S. is now safer than it was before the attacks — a 9-point increase from Aug. 2010. Thirty-six percent think the U.S. is about as safe as it was before the attacks, and 21 percent say it’s less safe. But, by more than a 2-to-1 margin, respondents maintain that the 9/11 attacks had less of a personal impact to them than the economic recession did. Forty-six percent cited the recession as the event that had the greatest effect on them, versus 20 percent who cited the 9/11 attacks. The NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll was conducted of 1,000 adults (200 reached by cell phone) from Aug. 27-31, and it has an overall margin of error of plus-minus 3.1 percentage points. Mark Murray covers politics for NBC News. © 2021 NBC UNIVERSALDuring the first half of 2013, a political off-year in which there are few elections, Palin’s political action committee spent $35,000 more than it took in. The Daily Beast seized on that number and tried to convince donors to SarahPAC that Palin was defrauding them by spending money on expenses common to every political action committee.As the Daily Beast conceded, Palin’s donors were not buying the Beast’s malarkey. Tim Crawford, the treasurer of SarahPAC, told Breitbart News that since 2013 is an off-year, the organization did not aggressively raise money, cognizant of the fact conservative donors were flooded with requests during the 2012 election cycle. “For the most part we gave our donors a break and didn’t fundraise aggressively at all. Very pleased with the results,” Crawford told Breitbart News. “It is an off year after a presidential election where every donor was bombarded with requests.”As the Daily Beast mentioned, Palin’s PAC did make a $5,000 contribution to Jason Smith; the conservative Republican won a special election in Missouri’s Eighth Congressional District in June by a hefty margin, 67% to 27%. John Avlon, the co-founder of the anti-Tea Party “No Labels” group, was recently promoted to be the “Executive Editor” of the Daily Beast. Avlon oversees a publication that declared the Tea Party was dead earlier this year before conceding less than six months later that the movement has roared back to life. “No Labels” donors want to see the Tea Party destroyed, and Avlon’s group benefits financially and politically if the Tea Party and conservatives are weakened. Palin, coincidentally, is the political figure who former South Carolina Senator Jim DeMint said had the most impact in Republican primaries. Furthermore, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) declared at this year’s CPAC that he would not be in the Senate were it not for Palin’s support in the Texas Republican Senate primary. Showing Palin’s strong grassroots support, the Daily Beast acknowledges that 75% of SarahPAC’s donations are from “small donors” who contribute less than $200. The Daily Beast admitted they reached out to a “number” of donors and got three on record, all of whom dismissed the outlet’s assertion that SarahPAC was wasting their money. One donor said, “I trust her judgment and her record.” Another said she has “done research” on Palin’s advisers and the ones that she uses are the “good” ones. Another donor mocked the Daily Beast for insinuating Palin was wasting their money, simply telling the reporter, “Come on, get real.”The publication seems troubled that Palin, a figure whose star power is surpassed by few in American politics, paid North Star Strategies’s Jason Recher to organize and accompany Palin to events to ensure they went smoothly. To the Daily Beast’s surprise, Palin also has advisers, like Rebecca Mansour–who is mentioned in the piece–that are indispensable to any political figure, especially those like Palin whose time is in demanded like few others. Breitbart News has already systematically undercut Avlon’s assertion that Palin was being hypocritical for railing against Washington’s permanent political class while having political advisers who fight against it. Palin’s advisers are different, as Breitbart News reported:They don’t hang “for sale” signs around their necks every election cycle to field a slate of candidates to butter their breads. They don’t go on television shows while not disclosing their business interests or allegiances when attacking other candidates. In fact, it is difficult to even think of the last time a Palin staff member actually went on a television program. Again, it is because these are people who work for Palin, are assembled for the long run, and put Palin’s interests ahead of their own. They don’t have a stable or roster of clients. In closing, the Daily Beast criticized Palin’s PAC for spending money on hotel rooms so that Palin could give a “commencement speech in the tiny town of Republic, Washington.” As Breitbart News reported, Palin gave that speech in a town elitist New York outlets like the Daily Beast so often dismiss, deride, and ignore.The Daily Beast criticized Palin for paying her way–and not forgetting her roots–to speak at the high school graduation in Republic, Washington. Perhaps the outlet expected her to walk or drive to give that address. More disturbingly, though, the outlet harassed and pestered private citizens who donated to her political organization, trying to turn them off from supporting a political figure and organization that runs counter to the one co-founded by the Daily Beast’s Executive Editor. That is the type of permanent-political-class politics that Palin and her political action committee have always fought. MediaDaily BeastSarah PalinSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartNEW YORK -- Former congressman Anthony Weiner, D-N.Y., said he would not quit his race for mayor of New York City, despite acknowledging that he continued to send women inappropriate online messages after a sexting scandal forced him to resign from Congress in 2011."I said that other texts and photos were likely to come out, and today they have," Weiner said in a hastily arranged news conference with his wife by his side. Weiner acknowledged that some of the inappropriate texts were sent after he had resigned."Some of these things happened before my resignation, some of them happened after," Weiner said."I'm sure many of my opponents would like me to drop out of the race," he said, but he refused to drop out of the race. After the news conference he went directly to a mayoral candidate forum."Anthony has made some horrible mistakes both before he resigned from Congress and after," said Weiner's wife, Huma Abedin. "I love him, I have forgiven him, I believe in him."An online gossip site called The Dirty posted screenshots Monday of online messages between an account in the name of Anthony Weiner and that of an unidentified woman. The site said the messages were sent last August, more than a year after Weiner left Congress. Weiner discusses her potential involvement in a blog for Politico, the political news site, and talks about his cats. He also asks the woman to delete other messages they exchanged.A second, salacious chat exchange posted by The Dirty was from an account using the name Carlos Danger, which the site, quoting the unidentified woman, says is Weiner.Weiner stepped down from Congress in June 2011 after admitting that he had texted lewd pictures of himself to women, reversing previous denials. In May, Weiner entered the race for New York City mayor and his wife, an aide to former secretary of State Hillary Clinton, is campaigning for him. The couple have an 18-month-old son.On Tuesday, Weiner said his behavior was "problematic to say the least, and self-destructive to say the most," but he reminded reporters that he had said at the time that more pictures and messages might be out there. The messages revealed Monday "don't represent all that much that is new."Because of the upcoming Sept. 10 Democratic primary, "I'm surprised that more things didn't come out sooner," he said Tuesday."While some things that have been posted today are true and some are not, there is no question that what I did was wrong," Weiner said in a written statement. "This behavior is behind me. I've apologized to Huma and am grateful that she has worked through these issues with me and for her forgiveness. I want to again say that I am very sorry to anyone who was on the receiving end of these messages and the disruption that this has caused. As my wife and I have said, we are focused on moving forward."At the news conference, Weiner refused to detail which of the messages were authentic.Sometimes smiling and sometimes near tears, the elegantly dressed Abedin, a top aide to Hillary Clinton, addressed one of the biggest questions of the Weiner story: why she is still married to him. "It took a lot of work and a whole lot of therapy to get to the point where I could forgive Anthony," she said.Staying with Weiner "was not an easy choice in any way," she said. "But I made a decision that it was worth staying in this marriage. that was a decision I made for me, for our son and for our family. I didn't know how it would work, out but I did know that I wanted to give it a try."George Arzt, a New York Democratic political consultant, said the new revelations would make Weiner's campaign much harder, particularly with former N.Y. governor Eliot Spitzer running for city comptroller after his own sex scandal."Obviously he has a lot of problems, plus the fact that I think that Spitzer has taken a lot of air out of his balloon, because they have overlapping aberrant behavior," Arzt said. "There is a cumulative impact for the public. They're willing to give anyone a second chance, and then they see the repetitive nature of his misdeeds, and they say, nah, I just can't.''Follow @USATMoore on Twitter.Beyond the media fawning over the spectacle of President Barack Obama and outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton sitting down for an interview together on 60 Minutes–old rivals, reunited!–there is a message that the president wants to send. Not just the fact that Vice President Joe Biden will not be his first pick for 2016, but also the signal that Republicans ought to forget about a revival in four years: liberalism is here to stay.Republicans seem to have concluded that their overall revival depends on finding the right candidate to win. If so, they may be in for a long wait. Clinton is so popular right now–with Republicans as well as Democrats–that she is easily the favorite to win in 2016. Freshman Rep. Tom Cotton (R-AR) welcomed her during last week’s Benghazi hearings by telling her he had wished her to win the 2008 Democratic primary; even Paul Ryan suggested on Meet the Press that a President Clinton might have solved the debt crisis by now.Clinton’s popularity is partly due to the fact that she is so different to Obama. She is not as hostile to opposition, and gives more direct-sounding answers to tough questions, even when she is being just as evasive. She once gave the impression of being more centrist, as well, famously voting in 2002 to authorize the Iraq War–a vote that her rival punished her for on the campaign trail in 2008, claiming he would have voted differently.In truth, there is not much daylight between the Alinskyite pair. Clinton not only carried out the Obama administration’s awful foreign policy–she did so with enthusiasm. She lectured Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for 45 minutes over construction in Jewish parts of Jerusalem, for example, and launched an abortive “reset” in relations with Russia (a gesture that failed even in its theatrics; the button read “overcharge”).Obama and Clinton are also closely bound together in the Benghazi failure, a scandal whose details are still being kept from the public, even though it is broadly clear that the White House chose not to intervene to save U.S. personnel, and at the same time engineered a cover-up in which both Obama and Clinton agreed to a fraudulent alibi that blamed the deadly attack on an anti-Islam video on YouTube that few had seen.Yet the two have avoided accountability, since the media failed to pursue the Benghazi scandal before the election (or actively suppressed it), and now that the election is long gone, most have adopted the “what difference does it make?” attitude displayed by Clinton on Capitol Hill last week. She ought to be haunted by those words, and those four dead Americans, for the rest of her career; chances are, however, that she will not.Obama’s joint interview was likely planned as a gesture of support and unity as the Benghazi scandal returned–however briefly–to the headlines. Yet it also serves a political purpose for the president, as he moves forward with an aggressive and confrontational agenda designed to divide and marginalize opposition and lay the foundation for radical changes, not just for the next four years but the in years beyond.President Obama wants Republicans to know that the left’s moment is not fleeting; that the changes he makes today will be ratified by the electorate, through Clinton, in 2016 and possibly 2020; in short, that there is no hope for a resurgence and they may as well yield. Whether he succeeds may depend less on how Republicans rebuild themselves, and more on whether Biden–and other Democrats–disrupt the Obama-Clinton alliance.Media60 MinutesBenghaziJoe Biden.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartIN THE NEWS: U.S. opens criminal probe of IRS … Holder recused self on AP phone search … E-mail leak on Benghazi led to erroneous reporting … Russia accuses U.S. diplomat of spying … Pentagon announces furloughs for 680K ... Can loneliness kill you?Hillary’s Ties to Obama Could Cost HerSome Republicans believe revelations about Benghazi could raise questions about Hillary Clinton’s stewardship at the State Department.  But for Clinton, the general tenor of scandal that has suffused the administration could cost her more.If the media focus shifts from Obama’s second-term legacy to second-term scandals, it could cast a pall over those looking to capitalize on his coattails.Clinton knows all too well about the public’s desire for change, both from her own presidential race and the conclusion of her husband’s second term. Public dissatisfaction with George W. Bush sent Democratic voters looking for someone with less time in Washington and disconnected from the war in Iraq. Nearly a decade earlier, then-Vice President Al Gore awkwardly tried to distance himself from his former boss after Bill Clinton’s sex scandal, despite voters’ widespread approval of Clinton’s policies.By connecting herself to Obama so closely—most recently with a joint sitdown on 60 Minutes—Clinton hoped to benefit from Obama’s strong popularity among Democrats. Now there’s a very real chance that the rewards of that loyalty could dissipate.Josh Kraushaarjkraushaar@nationaljournal.comIRS TARGETING NOT RESTRICTED TO FIELD OFFICE. The Internal Revenue Service’s targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status extended beyond the Cincinnati field office and included officials in Washington, The Washington Post reports. IRS officials in Washington contacted conservative groups to advise them of the additional scrutiny, and then-Commissioner Douglas Shulman was briefed in May 2012 about the activities of the Cincinnati field office. Acting IRS Commissioner Steven Miller, then serving as deputy commissioner, was notified later the same month. On Tuesday, Attorney General Eric Holder said a criminal probe had been opened regarding the IRS’s actions. Read moreSee a copy of the letter the IRS sent in 2012 to a tea-party group in Ohio.REPORT: E-MAIL LEAK LED TO ERRONEOUS REPORTING ON BENGHAZI TALKING POINTS. An email sent in 2012 by a top Obama national security advisor just three days after the Sept. 11 attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya appears to contradict previous characterizations, CNN’s Jake Tapper reports. While others have written that the adviser, Ben Rhodes, specifically addressed the concerns of the State Department, the original e-mail says: “We need to resolve this in a way that respects all of the relevant equities, particularly the investigation.” According to Tapper, “whoever leaked the inaccurate information earlier this month did so in a way that made it appear that the White House—specifically Rhodes—was more interested in the State Department’s concerns, and more focused on the talking points, than the e-mail actually stated.” Read moreNational Journal’s Ron Fournier writes that a staff shakeup may be in order for the Obama administrationHOLDER RECUSED SELF IN SEARCH OF AP PHONE RECORDS. Attorney General Eric Holder said Tuesday that he had recused himself in a case involving the secret search of the Associated Press’s phone records, CNN reports. Holder, speaking at a press conference, said that the case, which involved the leaking of information to the AP regarding a foiled terrorism plot, “put the American people at risk. And that is not hyperbole.” Holder tapped Deputy Attorney General James Cole to handle the AP matter. Read moreWhich congressional committee is probing what when it comes to the Obama administration? National Journal has a roundup.SENATORS CLASH ON HIGH-SKILLED WORKER VISAS. Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee disagreed on provisions in an immigration bill that would make companies adhere to additional requirements in the hiring of high-skilled foreign workers, The Hill reports. At issue were a set of amendments offered by Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, aimed at easing tech-industry concerns over new rules and regulations dealing with H-1B visas. Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., said he may not be able to support the amendments. Read moreDOD: 680K CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES FACE 11-DAY FURLOUGH. The Pentagon announced plans Tuesday to furlough 680,000 civilian employees for 11 days due to budget constraints imposed by sequestration, the Associated Press reports. Initial plans called for 22-day furloughs for the majority of the department’s 800,000 civilian employees; this was reduced to 14 days following the passage of congressional legislation granting greater budgetary flexibility. The furlough order will exempt civilian employees at U.S. Navy shipyards and some intelligence, as well as civilians in war zones.  Read moreRUSSIA DETAINS U.S. DIPLOMAT, ACCUSES HIM OF SPYING. Russia announced Tuesday that its agents had detained an American diplomat after he allegedly attempted to recruit a Russian counterterrorism agent, the Associated Press reports. According to Russian officials, Ryan Fogle, an “entry level” State Department employee at the U.S. Embassy in Moscow, was turned over to U.S. Embassy officials and ordered expelled from the country. Fogle, who possesses diplomatic immunity, was declared persona non grata by the Russians. U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul has been summoned to the Foreign Ministry to respond to the allegations on Wednesday. Read moreWIND FARMS KILLING PROTECTED BIRDS, BUT ADMINISTRATION DOES NOT PROSECUTE. More than 573,000 birds are killed annually by the nation’s wind farms, according to some estimates, but while the Obama administration has pursued criminal charges against oil and electric companies over wildlife deaths, it “has never fined or prosecuted a wind-energy company,” the Associated Press reports. “It is the rationale that we have to get off of carbon, we have to get off of fossil fuels, that allows them to justify this,” said retired National Wildlife Federation western division staff director Tom Dougherty. “But at what cost? In this case, the cost is too high.” Read more"What it boils down to is this: If you electrocute an eagle, that is bad, but if you chop it to pieces, that is OK.”-- Former U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service enforcement agent Tim EicherKERRY: OBAMA TO ADDRESS MILITARY WITHDRAWAL FROM AFGHANISTAN ‘VERY SHORTLY.’ Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday that President Obama will announce in the coming weeks the number of U.S. combat troops who will depart Afghanistan by the 2014 withdrawal deadline, Reuters reports. “Very shortly, not too long from now, the president does intend to make public what his plans are for post-2014,” Kerry said. While he did not address the size of the U.S. force that would remain, Kerry said, “He (Obama) is committed to supporting the Afghan military beyond 2014.” Read moreHOW GOP CAN WIN OVER YOUNG VOTERS: GO FOR THEIR GUTS. Some Republicans argue that there’s a way to stick to their core values and still make inroads with a younger generation of voters—a group that overwhelmingly went for Obama in 2012, National Journal’s Ben Terris reports. The secret could lie with food trucks and Washington’s attempts to further regulate the popular lunchtime option. Read moreHOUSE TO MARK UP FARM BILL. The Senate Agriculture Committee approved its farm bill Tuesday; on Wednesday The House Agriculture Committee will consider its version of a farm bill on Wednesday.  Lawmakers hope to enact a new five-year authorization ahead of a Sept. 30 deadline, but the two chambers are far apart on the numbers.OBAMA TO HONOR FALLEN OFFICERS. On Wednesday, President Obama will deliver remarks at the National Peace Officers Memorial Service, an annual ceremony honoring those in law enforcement killed in the line of duty in the previous year.“If he were a woman, they'd be calling him the weakest speaker in history." -- Nancy Pelosi, on House Speaker John Boehner (Huffington Post)‘ONE IS THE LONELIEST NUMBER?’ MAYBE NOT. Loneliness can increase your likelihood of sickness and even death, The New Republic reports. Loneliness is not being frequently alone nor does it mean someone who has few friends is lonely. Loneliness is a “want of intimacy” and an “interior” experience. The cause of loneliness is combination of genes and environment. “Although genes may predispose children toward loneliness, they do not account for everything that makes them grow up lonely. Fifty-two percent of that comes from the world.”Some have pushed back against the idea that the feeling of loneliness can cause health problems, arguing rather that it’s the symptoms of loneliness. For example, lonely people lack a support network, or someone who will look out for them, and therefore get sick more often. Read morePRINCE HARRY IN THE U.S. Prince Harry is in the U.S., visiting Washington, Colorado, and New Jersey, among other places. See New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie giving the prince a fleece while touring hurricane damage on the Jersey Shore, and see the third-in-line at the bottom of a human pyramid at the Air Force Academy. Also not to be missed: playing sitting volleyball with soldiers. See it hereWhy he is in the news: Scheduled to appear before Congress on IRS controversyCurrent job: Acting commissioner of internal revenue and deputy commissioner for services and enforcement, Internal Revenue ServiceEducation: B.A., University of Maryland; J.D., George Washington University; L.L.M. in taxation, Georgetown University Law School. (IRS)Career Highlights25-year veteran of IRSNamed acting commissioner in Oct. 2012 (IRS)Served as Commissioner of the Tax Exempt and Government Entities Division (IRS)Worked for the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation (IRS)Of InterestSens. Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., and Marco Rubio, R-Fla., have asked him to resign (The Hill)Was not head of IRS at time of alleged improprieties, but in 2012 withheld from Congress knowledge of matter (Associated Press)Addressed the targeting of conservative groups in an op-ed in USA TodaySubscribe to The EdgeSee The Edge ArchiveWarner Bros.' "Godzilla vs. Kong" debuted on the streaming service HBO Max simultaneously with movie theaters in the US.Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Questions about campaign's past actionsA jury in South Bend, Indiana has found that fraud put President Obama and Hillary Clinton on the presidential primary ballot in Indiana in the 2008 election. Two Democratic political operatives were convicted Thursday night in the illegal scheme after only three hours of deliberations. They were found guilty on all counts.Former longtime St. Joseph County Democratic party Chairman Butch Morgan Jr.  was found guilty of felony conspiracy counts to commit petition fraud and forgery, and former county Board of Elections worker Dustin Blythe was found guilty of felony forgery counts and falsely making a petition, after being accused of faking petitions that enabled Obama, then an Illinois Senator, to get on the presidential primary ballot for his first run for the White House.Morgan was accused of being the mastermind behind the plot.According to testimony from two former Board of Election officials who pled guilty, Morgan ordered Democratic officials and workers to fake the names and signatures that Obama and Clinton needed to qualify for the presidential race. Blythe, then a Board of Elections employee and Democratic Party volunteer, was accused of forging multiple pages of the Obama petitions."I think this helped uphold the integrity of the electoral system," the prosecutor, Stan Levco told reporters.“Their verdict of guilt is not a verdict against Democrats, but for honest and fair elections,” he said.The scheme was hatched in January of 2008, according to affidavits from investigators who cite former Board of Registration worker Lucas Burkett, who told them he was in on the plan at first, but then became uneasy and quit. He waited three years before telling authorities about it, but if revelations about any forgeries were raised during the election, the petitions could have been challenged during the contest. A candidate who did not qualify with enough legitimate signatures at the time, could have been bounced from the ballot.The case raise questions about whether in 2008, then candidate Obama actually submitted enough legitimate signatures to have legally qualified for the primary ballot.“I think had they been challenged successfully, he probably would not have been on the ballot,” Levco told Fox News.Under state law, presidential candidates need to qualify for the primary ballots with 500 signatures from each of the state's nine congressional districts. Indiana election officials say that in St. Joseph County, which is the 2nd Congressional district, the Obama campaign qualified with 534 signatures; Clinton's camp had 704.Prosecutors say that in President Obama's case, nine of the petition pages were apparently forged. Each petition contains up to 10 names, making a possible total of 90 names, which, if faked, could have brought the Obama total below the legal limit required to qualify. Prosecutors say 13 Clinton petitions were apparently forged, meaning up to 130 possibly fake signatures.  Even if 130 signatures had been challenged, it would have still left Mrs. Clinton with enough signatures to meet the 500 person threshold.Levco said a total of “100 to 200” signatures had been forged on Obama’s and Clinton’s petitions.An Indiana State Police investigator said in court papers that the agency examined the suspect Obama petitions and "selected names at random from each of the petition pages and contacted those people directly. We found at least one person (and often multiple people) from each page who confirmed that they had not signed" petitions "or given consent for their name and/or signature to appear."Numerous voters told Fox News that they never signed the petitions."That's not my signature," Charity Rorie, a mother of four, told us when we showed her the Obama petition with her name and signature. She was stunned, saying that it "absolutely" was a fake.Charity told Fox News that her husband's entry was also a forgery, and that they have never been contacted by investigators or any authorities looking into the scandal."It's scary, it's shocking. It definitely is illegal," she told us.Robert Hunter, Jr. told Fox news that his name was faked, too."I did not sign for Barack Obama," he told us. As he examined the Obama petition in his hands, Hunter pointed out that "I always put 'Junior' after my name, every time...there's no 'Junior' thereEven a former Democratic Governor of Indiana, Joe Kernan, told Fox News that his name was forged.“This is a bitter sweet moment for free and fair elections," observed Ryan Nees, the Indiana born Yale “University senior who first exposed the scheme in the independent political newsletter, Howey Politics Indiana and South Bend Tribune.Nees said the multiple guilty verdicts were "bitter, because a five-person conspiracy succeeded in illegally placing two presidential candidates on the ballot, but sweet because they were exposed, tried for their crimes, and convicted."Nees previously told Fox News that the fraud was clearly evident, "because page after page of signatures are all in the same handwriting," and that nobody raised any red flags "because election workers in charge of verifying their validity were the same people faking the signatures."Fox News' Meredith Amor contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Tea Party member explains 'paralyzing feeling' when IRS surprised them with unusual questions during vetting process for tax exempt statusWASHINGTON  – There's an irony in the Internal Revenue Service's crackdown on conservative groups.The nation's tax agency has admitted to inappropriately scrutinizing smaller tea party organizations that applied for tax-exempt status, and senior Treasury Department officials were notified in the midst of the 2012 presidential election season that an internal investigation was underway.  But the IRS largely maintained a hands-off policy with the much larger, big-budget organizations on the left and right that were most influential in the elections and are organized under a section of the tax code that allows them to hide their donors."The IRS goes AWOL when wealthy and powerful forces want to break the law in order to hide their wrongful efforts and secret political influence," said Rhode Island Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse, a Democrat who is among a small Senate group pushing campaign finance reform measures that would force these big outside groups to disclose their donors. "Picking on the little guy is a pretty lousy thing to do."Karl Rove's Crossroads GPS and the Koch brothers' Americans for Prosperity were among those that spent tens of millions of dollars on TV ads and get-out-the-vote efforts to help Republicans. Democrats were aided in similar fashion by Priorities USA, made up of former Barack Obama campaign aides, and American Bridge 21st Century Foundation, an opposition research group led by a former adviser to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid.And yet those groups so far have escaped investigations into whether they have crossed the blurry line under the law between what constitutes a tax-exempt "social welfare" organization that is free from donor reporting requirements and a political committee subject to taxes and disclosures.Watchdog groups and lawmakers who have sought more disclosure and restrictions on such groups claim an injustice. They say the IRS saga over the targeting of smaller groups shines a bright light onto the agency's failure to guard against the flood of secret money into the political system through the creation of the deep-pocketed groups.Yet other advocates of reform worry that, in light of the IRS disclosure of targeting small groups, government regulators will be less likely to scrutinize the tax-exempt status of the bigger, more powerful groups out of fear that they will appear to be targeting groups for political reasons."We expect that opponents of disclosure will try to use the recent developments to allow the groups that are misusing the tax laws to hide donors to continue misusing them. But that's a battle that we will engage in," said Fred Wertheimer, founder and president of watchdog group Democracy 21.Since a series of court decisions including the Supreme Court's ruling in the 2010 Citizens United case, the IRS has seen an influx of applications -- from 1,735 in 2010 to 3,357 in 2012 -- by so-called social welfare groups wanting to form under section 501(c)(4) of the federal tax code. That section grants tax-exempt status as long as the primary mission of these organizations is not politics and influencing elections. The IRS makes that determination. Such nonprofits can keep secret the names of their donors, which are not subject to traditional campaign finance limits.The rules are fuzzy. The law says that these groups can only be involved in social welfare activity and not politics. But IRS regulations give the groups leeway to conduct political activities -- as long as that is not its "primary activity." That conflict opens the door to potential abuses and different interpretations of what is allowed and what is prohibited.An IRS inspector general's report released this week recommended developing for the first time specific guidelines to measure the primary activity of social welfare organizations, and some in Congress have shown a willingness to review big groups like the nonprofit Crossroads GPS and its sister super PAC, American Crossroads. They spent a combined $176 million in the last election cycle, much of it on television advertisements to benefit Republican candidates.A Senate investigative panel led by Democrat Carl Levin of Michigan and Republican John McCain of Arizona has been reviewing the use of social welfare groups for political causes for the past year and now is examining the agency's handling of the tax-exempt reviews.And in a letter to congressional investigators Thursday, Rep. Chris Van Hollen, D-Md., urged the House Ways and Means Committee not to ignore the influx of groups that may be abusing the tax code as part of its upcoming IRS probe, saying: "I hope we can remove the incentive for any group, regardless of its political orientation, to seek 501(c)(4) tax-exempt status to engage in significant political campaign activities while hiding their donors."Despite the bipartisan outcry over the IRS scandal, there's little incentive for lawmakers on either side of the aisle to push for reforms because Republicans and Democrats alike benefit from these big outside groups.In fact, just the opposite may be happening.Some congressional Democrats, fearful of being tied to the scandal, are backing the push for more aggressive enforcement of these groups. And some conservative leaders and Republican donors are using the IRS scandal to help protect the status quo while preparing to pump hundreds of millions of dollars -- raised anonymously in many cases with no contribution limits -- into the next election cycle, just as they did last fall."I would hope that this new information about the politicization of the IRS should put the brakes on any sort of disclosure of donors who wish to remain anonymous," said Charlie Spies, who helps raise money for several conservative organizations and previously led the super political action committee that raised more than $140 million to benefit Mitt Romney's presidential bid. "We're now seeing exactly what the risk is for donors to be disclosed."At least some tea party groups are unwilling to trust the agency with more enforcement power in the wake of such damaging revelations."The IRS' integrity is shattered," said Jenny Beth Martin, chairman of the Tea Party Patriots, which was among the largest nonprofit conservative groups the IRS targeted. She said that now, more than ever, donors need freedom to give money anonymously "without fear of retribution" from a politicized IRS. In the meantime, she says her organization's influence is growing, fueled by anonymous unlimited donations.Wertheimer, of Democracy 21, said the "laundering of secret money into elections" will become a greater scandal than IRS misconduct unless something is done."There will be efforts to sweep this under the rug," he said. "They may succeed on a temporary basis for a relatively short period, but they are not going to succeed in the long term."Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartNew York City mayoral candidate Christine Quinn on Friday denounced rival Anthony Weiner's "reckless behavior," but said it is up to voters to render judgment on his history of sending lewd messages to women online.Quinn, the City Council speaker, has a 9-percentage point lead over Weiner for the Democratic nomination for mayor, according to a poll released Thursday.The survey by NBC 4 New York, The Wall Street Journal and the Marist Institute for Public Opinion was the first taken since Weiner confirmed earlier this week that he continued to send salacious messages to women even after he resigned from Congress in 2011.New York City "deserves a mayor who's serious, who has a real record of results, of vision for the future, who's responsible and mature," Quinn said Friday on CNN's The Lead program. "All we've seen here ... is really a pattern of reckless behavior, an immaturity and a real disconnect from the truth."For most of this week, much of New York City politics has been consumed by Weiner and his latest scandal instead of issues such as housing and education. Weiner has been adamant that he won't quit the race, even as his lewd online behavior has become a punchline for late-night comics and dominates media coverage of the race."New Yorkers are smart people. They're cutting through this circus," Quinn said on CNN. "And they've been having conversations with me every day about the real issues in their lives. And they want the mayor to be about their lives and not themselves."Quinn said it's natural for polls to go up and down, but added she is "incredibly confident" about victory because of her record on key issues. Women's groups on Friday began stepping up their support of Quinn.Party primaries are Sept. 10. If no candidate gets more than 40% of the vote, a runoff will be held Oct. 1.Follow @ccamia on Twitter.The Huffington Post reports that NBC’s Chris Matthews, longtime host of MSNBC’s “Hardball,” took the opportunity at an event Thursday to publicly insult New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Responding to a question with a joke, Matthews said he felt bad for Christie’s wife. The obvious insinuation is that the overweight governor crushes her during sex:   Two days after Election Day, Chris Christie has crushed his opponent. Is he gonna be the Republican …” began McGrath.“The one I feel for is his wife,” Matthews cut in.After a brief pause, some chuckled as McGrath asked, “Why’s that?”“Did you just say, ‘crush?'” Matthews said. “I mean, use your imagination.”The crowd erupted.This is not the first time Matthews has publicly mocked Christie’s weight:Matthews said during a “Q & A Cafe” event two years ago with Carol Joynt, “He must be 300-plus, and that’s something he’s just gotta deal with, because you’re not going to say, ‘I’m going to cut the budget,’ well, how about starting with supper?”In their efforts to undermine a likely GOP presidential candidate, the mainstream media have taken issue with Christie’s weight in various ways, ranging from cheap shots to scare tactics. Earlier this week, Time Magazine declared Christie the “elephant in the room” on its cover. Earlier this year, CNN’s Jim Acosta warned Americans that Christie could die in the Oval Office. It is also no coincidence that Politico piled on today with a “serious” piece examining Christie’s weight. The media love Christie when he is hugging Barack Obama and trashing conservatives. But the media also know that he is about to threaten Hillary Clinton’s ascension to the White House. By laying the groundwork with the weight issue now, the media hope to turn Christie into a national fat joke as a way to undermine his candidacy.  Follow  John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC              MediaChris MatthewsNBC.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWhen Michele Bachmann picked on Huma Abedin a year ago — claiming she had some convoluted connection to the Muslim Brotherhood — there was a rush to defend the longtime Hillary Clinton aide. The Minnesota congresswoman quickly got a scolding from House Speaker John Boehner, Sen. John McCain, House Intelligence Committee chair Mile Rogers. But now that her husband, Anthony Weiner, is running for New York City mayor, the attacks on Abedin aren't so ridiculous, and Abedin herself is not quite so untouchable. Sen. Chuck Grassley is continuing his investigation into Abedin's unusual arrangement from June 2012 to February 2013 to work part-time as a consultant to the State Department while working as a consultant to Teneo Holdings, a New York-based strategic advisory group, the New York Daily News' Dan Friedman reports.RELATED: Anthony Weiner May Think He's Closer Friends with the Clintons Than They Do Grassley claims Abedin is stonewalling his investigation into whether she used her government connections to give information to Teneo clients. Abedin didn't respond to Grassley's June letter until July 5, when the Daily News reported her silence. "I certainly never 'gathered information from government sources for the purpose of informing investment decisions of Teneo's clients,' as the Senate letter suggests," Abedin wrote. Grassley responds that "The State Department and Ms. Abedin haven't provided a single document that I requested." He says he'll keep pursuing his probe.RELATED: What Did Huma Abedin Really Learn from Hillary Clinton?And while there has been much praise of Abedin's handling of her first press conference this week, after it was reported that Weiner sent crotch pictures to other women more than a year after he resigned from Congress, she doesn't quite have the halo she once did. Slate's Dave Weigel points out that six years of news coverage of Abedin has remarkably focused on rave reviews of her physical appearance. ("Her appearance is just like, ‘Hoh my God!’ She takes your breath away," James Carville said. "[T]he women in our office definitely watch what Huma wears," Philippe Reines, who later worked as Clinton's spokesman, said.) The two main non-fashion things she's known for — standing by her husband and cashing in on Washington connections — are pretty "ordinary," Weigel says.RELATED: Huma Abedin Will Not Have Trouble Finding Her Next JobIt's in the latter category that Abedin still shines. As The Washington Post reported on Thursday, friends of Bill and Hillary Clinton generally felt that "if you wanted to stay in Hillary’s good graces, you answer the call from Huma." So they donated to Weiner's mayoral campaign. And they still are! At least, as long as Abedin sticks by him, the New York Post reports:“If you look at the contributors to Anthony around the country, they weren’t giving for Anthony — they were giving for Huma,” the source said.“For many people, Huma is the gateway to Hillary. She’s one of the closest aides; she’s an adopted daughter. You think [power agent] Bob Barnett would give to Anthony? [Billionaire] Haim Saban wouldn’t give Anthony a second chance.”But Clinton's biggest donors haven't bothered with Weiner, the Post says. That's because they ties to Hillary are already close enough.Warner Bros.' "Godzilla vs. Kong" debuted on the streaming service HBO Max simultaneously with movie theaters in the US.Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's super political action committee has spent at least $660,000 for 12 days of TV ads blasting Democratic congressional candidate Debbie Halvorson's past support from the National Rifle Association, records filed by local affiliates of the four major networks showed Thursday.When its current ad buy ends Sunday, the Independence USA super PAC will have aired 574 half-minute broadcast TV commercials to influence the outcome of the 2nd Congressional District special election, the records show. Halvorson, a former one-term congresswoman from Crete, has accused Bloomberg of trying to buy an Illinois congressional seat with his super PAC spending. But Halvorson has maintained her opposition to bans on assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition magazines, in line with the NRA. The former lawmaker has, however, backed comprehensive background checks, a federal gun registry and increased penalties for criminal gun use and possession. The spending figures by Bloomberg's super PAC come as a rival in the race, former state Rep. Robin Kelly of Matteson, launched her own cable TV advertising effort that highlights her support for tougher restrictions on guns. In the ad, a narrator notes that Kelly worked with President Barack Obama during his days in the Illinois legislature to "crack down on illegal gun sales.""In Congress," the narrator says, "Kelly will keep taking on the NRA." Meanwhile, another contender in the special Feb. 26 Democratic primary, Chicago Ald. Anthony Beale, 9th, announced the formal endorsement of Cook County Sheriff Tom Dart. In December, the sheriff gave $1,000 to Beale's congressional effort shortly, among $49,800 in contributions the alderman had to start the new year. Other donations included $2,000 from campaign funds controlled by 14th Ward Ald. Ed Burke, $1,000 from former 36th Ward Ald. William J.P. Banks, 36th, and $1,000 from 49th Ward Ald. Joe Moore. rap30@aol.com Twitter @rap30CONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALThe Obama team’s brazen attempt to convert the assets of its political campaign into assets to promote the President’s political agenda and the electoral fortunes of his Democratic allies is unprecedented in American political history. It is clearly a violation of the intent of current federal election laws. The Obama team is betting that they’ve cleverly discovered a loophole, one that Republicans will fail to challenge legally. Even if the legality of this unprecedented and highly political attempt to circumvent the intent of federal election law is challenged, Obama’s team is further betting that their attorneys will argue their case successfully before regulators and judges. To date, the Obama tactic has caught Republicans flat footed.Not only is the conversion of questionable legality, it also is in absolute contradiction to everything President Obama has ever said about the negative influence of large financial donations on the political process in America. In 2010, for instance, when the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision paved the way for SuperPACs that could accept unlimited donations from individuals and corporations alike, President Obama was one of the Court’s harshest critics. But the President’s opinion on the evils of unlimited donations to political organizations–especially those that pretend to be “issues advocacy” groups–appears to have changed in the three years since that decision.The expensive and valuable assets of Obama for America were quickly made available to Organizing for Action, which has already begun to use them extensively in Obama’s “permanent campaign,” hosting State of the Union listening parties and bombarding the internet with pro gun control emails. It is unclear if the new Organizing for Action entity has paid fair market value–or anything at all, for that matter–to the old Obama for America organization for these assets.The assets include a sophisticated state-of-the-art analytics driven data base that holds extensive information on each of 2 million Obama for America volunteers, 17 million email subscribers,  22 million Twitter followers, and virtually every registered voter in the country. These assets will deployed by the same management team that ran Obama for America, headed up by former campaign manager Jim Messina. At Organizing for Action, Messina will use the technological infrastructure developed over several years at Obama for America to instantaneously deliver communications in multiple formats (email, text, facebook, tweets) using the same methodology to the same vast audience that received those very similar messages during President Obama’s presidential campaigns.“Issues advocacy” social welfare non-profit groups organized under Section 501 c 4 of the Internal Revenue Service code, which Organizing for Action claims to be, are not subject to the same federal election laws that prohibit corporate donations and limit individual contributions to political candidates to $2,600 per election. In its new iteration, the organization that was until January 17, 2013 known as Obama for America and was governed by these strict campaign laws can now accept unlimited donations from both corporations and individuals. Better yet, it is not required to publicly disclose the names of these donors.All this is happening while the Organizing for Action management team–and the Obama administration–are pretending and saying out loud with a straight face that it is not a political organization. In reality, it is nothing but a political organization, and its immediate purpose is to advance the President’s second term agenda and defeat Republican House and Senate candidates in 2014. With that accomplished, and Democrats in control of both the House and Senate there will be nothing to stop President Obama and his radical left wing agenda.Even MSNBC’s Chuck Todd found the cash for access scheme unpalatable. “This just looks bad,” Todd said on Monday. “It looks,” Todd said “like the White House is selling access.It’s the definition of selling access. If you believe money has a strangle hold over the entire political system this is ceding the moral high ground.”Todd is right. It looks bad because it is bad.Bob Edgar, the president of the usually liberal advocacy group, Common Cause, agrees with Todd. “It just smells. The president is setting a very bad model setting up this organization,”he said.White House press secretary Jay Carney tried to sell the administration line that Organizing for Action is just like any other 501 c 4, and this sort of thing is done all the time to the usually compliant White House press corps on Monday, but most of them could barely withhold their incredulity at Carney’s claims. Indeed, Carney became so frustrated at their skepticism that he abruptly curtailed the normal press briefing and walked off unceremoniously as unanswered questioned were left hanging in the air.PoliticsSenateWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartCorrection: An earlier version of this story understated the number of groups represented by the the American Center for Law and Justice.WASHINGTON — Newly uncovered IRS documents show the agency flagged political groups based on the content of their literature, raising concerns specifically about "anti-Obama rhetoric," inflammatory language and "emotional" statements made by non-profits seeking tax-exempt status.The internal 2011 documents, obtained by USA TODAY, list 162 groups by name, with comments by Internal Revenue Service lawyers in Washington raising issues about their political, lobbying and advocacy activities. In 21 cases, those activities were characterized as "propaganda."The list provides the most specific public accounting to date of which groups were targeted for extra scrutiny and why. The IRS has not publicly identified the groups, repeatedly citing a provision of the tax code prohibiting it from releasing tax return information.More than 80% of the organizations on the 2011 "political advocacy case" list were conservative, but the effort to police political activity also ensnared at least 11 liberal groups as of November 2011, including Progressives United, Progress Texas and Delawareans for Social and Economic Justice.The IRS controversy first exploded in May, when Exempt Organizations Director Lois Lerner admitted that the IRS had targeted Tea Party groups for additional scrutiny beginning in early 2010. The IRS placed a hold on those applications for more than 20 months, an inspector general's investigation found.On Nov. 16, 2011, IRS lawyers in Washington sent a list of cases to front-line agents in Cincinnati, along with comments and guidance on how to handle political organizations.Tax law experts say those comments appear to show IRS employees trying to apply the murky rules governing political activities by social welfare groups.But the American Center for Law and Justice, a nonprofit legal institute that represents 33 of the groups appearing on the IRS list, said it appears to be "the most powerful evidence yet of a coordinated effort" by the IRS to target Tea Party groups."The political motivations of this are so patently obvious, but then to have a document that spells it out like this is very damaging to the IRS," said Jay Sekulow, chief counsel for the ACLJ. "I hope the FBI has seen these documents."The IRS categorized the groups as engaging in several advocacy-related activities that could have barred them from tax-exempt status, such as lobbying and "propaganda."But the word "propaganda" doesn't appear in section 501(c)(4), which governs the social welfare status that most Tea Party groups were applying for, said John Colombo, a law professor at the University of Illinois. Instead, it appears in section 501(c)(3), which governs public charities."There would be no reason I would think to flag them if it's for a 501(c)(4) status," Colombo said. "That's very odd to me."In three cases, IRS lawyers noted that groups appeared to be connected to Republican politicians: Stand Up for Our Nation Inc., linked to former Alaska governor Sarah Palin; Reform Jersey Now Inc., linked to Gov. Chris Christie; and American Solutions for Winning the Future, founded by former House speaker Newt Gingrich. Gingrich's group was approved last year.Five groups were flagged as having "anti-Obama" materials in their applications or on their websites.For instance, the IRS said the website of the Patriots of Charleston contains "negative Obama commentary." Though the IRS didn't cite examples, a November 2011 article on the group's site says: "Obama's and the Democrats' track record of disaster is based upon a combination of their ignorance and their fundamental desire to convert America into a ruling class of wealthy all-powerful elitists and a single class of serfs.""The web site, as we explained to them on multiple occasions, is really a blog" that members can submit commentary to, said Joanne Jones, the group's vice chairwoman. "I'm not going to tell you we weren't political. We were to an extent, but we were within the limits of the law. For example, there's one clear-cut issue: We did not endorse candidates.""To focus in on somebody saying something anti-Obama," she said, "it's almost like the speech police there. It's disturbing. It's the kind of overreach that leads into Obamacare."The group received its tax exemption in September 2012.RHETORIC OF SOME GROUPS QUESTIONEDIt wasn't just anti-Obama rhetoric the IRS was looking out for. Progress Texas was identified by the IRS as engaging in lobbying, propaganda and political activities. IRS lawyers in Washington noted "anti-Rick Perry" rhetoric, referring to the Republican Texas governor, then a presidential candidate.Progress Texas received a tax exemption as a social welfare group in June, 2012.Campaign-finance watchdogs say the IRS scrutiny came out of a justified effort to police "dark money" in politics. After the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2010 that corporations and unions — and even non-profit groups — could engage in independent political advertising, social welfare groups became a vehicle for funneling undisclosed cash into the election system.That's the position of Progressives United, a group founded by former senator Russ Feingold, D-Wis., that itself appeared on the 2011 IRS target list."The fact that our group received some scrutiny does not change at all our opinion that scrutiny like this from the IRS, it's their job. The law applies to us as it would any conservative group," said Progressives United's Josh Orton. "I feel like there's this group of campaign finance nihilists who want to expand this into an argument that there should be no scrutiny at all. They want a wild west of election law, because they want to continue using secret corporate money to influence elections."Crossroads GPS, a group affiliated with GOP strategist Karl Rove, spent $70 million on the 2012 election. Its 2010 application for a tax exemption, obtained by the non-profit news organization Pro Publica last year, said it would spend 50% of its resources on "public education." In the 2011 list, the IRS noted "significant anti-Obama rhetoric." Crossroads has not received a tax exemption.'WE ARE TOTALLY ABOVE BOARD'The Tea Party of North Idaho filed its tax-exempt application in February, 2010 — the same month IRS screeners in Cincinnati first brought Tea Party applications to the attention of officials in Washington, according to IRS employee testimony before a congressional committee.A lawyer in the IRS Exempt Organizations Technical Unit in Washington wrote the Idaho group had "No significant amount of clear campaign intervention; however little issue advocacy or educational; significant inflammatory language, highly emotional language, little to no educational information on issues."The IRS lawyers recommended that screeners in Cincinnati look for other materials — including "press releases, commentary, articles, and research reports," according to the IRS list.That's when Leslie Damiano, who co-founded the North Idaho group, started getting what she considered to be intrusive questions from the IRS. She said the tax agency wanted to know who her donors were, and what companies they own. They wanted to know the educational background of the group's board members. And they wanted to know whether candidates were invited to the group's meetings, and whether it made endorsements."We're a conservative organization. We invited some independents," she said. "We never had any rallies that were off the charts by any stretch of the imagination."Frustrated with the process, the Tea Party of North Idaho withdrew its application in 2012."We had an accountant, we had a bookkeeper. We were totally above board with everything we did," Damiano said.REDUCING THE NATIONAL DEBTSome groups caught in the IRS' net had no connection to national politics on either side. The Citizens for the Preservation of Rural Murrysville says it's "dedicated to the preservation of the open and natural, rural character of Murrysville, Pa.," although the IRS said it endorsed some local candidates. The Sarasota Bay Tiger Club is one of several similar Florida clubs that provide "a non-partisan forum on current political issues." The club says it has "never endorsed political candidates nor advocated a particular ideology," but the IRS said in its spreadsheet that it was "unclear" if that was the case.The list also includes the Association to Reduce the National Debt, which was seeking to be recognized as a charity so it could solicit tax-deductible contributions — and give those contributions to the U.S. Treasury to put toward the national debt.Founder Seth Eisenberg said the group was not political — and he told the IRS that.IRS tax specialists noted "no political campaign activities." But two years after applying, the association still hasn't gotten his ruling letter. And without that letter, contributions are not tax-deductible and no one will give, he said.All for a group that said it wanted to give the government money."I thought this would be a fast-tracked application. A no-brainer. But it got caught up in this whole political controversy," Eisenberg said. "It's the greatest irony that ever was."Follow @gregorykorte on Twitter.Arizona is once again embroiled in a fight against the federal government at the Supreme Court of the United States. The Court heard arguments on Mar. 18 in Arizona v. Inter Tribal Council of Arizona.In earlier years people had to go to their county seat of government–typically the county courthouse–to register to vote in a system that made it very difficult to commit voter registration fraud. A federal commission is authorized by the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 (NVRA, or “Motor Voter”), which was pushed and signed by Bill Clinton, to develop a federal form for mail-in registration. Arizona passed a law requiring people registering to vote by mail to include proof of citizenship. It was designed as a modest attempt to prevent illegal voting by foreigners that could undermine the legitimacy of the election returns in the democratic process. The record in this case includes over 200 people who had submitted fraudulent voter registrations, who later swore under oath to a commission investigating this matter that they were not even U.S. citizens. They say workers from groups like the now-defunct ACORN–who were getting paid for each registration form they turned in–talked them into signing it, and that these individuals did not know it was a crime for them to do so. NVRA requires states to “accept and use” the federal form. Arizona argues it accepts and uses the form, and that adding the requirement for someone to attach proof of citizenship is allowed. The plaintiffs and the Obama administration argue that if you add anything to the federal requirements, you are not accepting and using the federal form. This case will turn in part on which side the justices take on that issue. Usually when federal law conflicts with state law, it is resolved under the Supremacy Clause in Article VI of the Constitution, whereby federal law trumps state law under certain circumstances. Instead of the Supremacy Clause, this case will be decided under the Elections Clause in Article I of the Constitution. That provision says that states are primarily in charge of voting and elections, but “Congress may at any time by law make or alter such regulations …” There is a large body of Supreme Court precedent interpreting the Supremacy Clause. This case may turn on whether the Elections Clause works by the same rules, or instead if there is a different framework that determines when federal election law trumps state election law.It is unclear which way this case will go, with some justices sending signals one way or the other. Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said, “Congress did specify how citizenship was to be handled. And it was to be [signing the form where you declare you are a citizen, under] penalty of perjury.” She added she understands NVRA as saying, “each state must accept and use the federal form, period. That’s the end of it.” Justice Antonin Scalia seemed to fault Arizona for not making certain claims earlier in the litigation. But Arizona Attorney General Tom Horne explained that this lawsuit began under his predecessor Terry Goddard, who is a Democrat, and that Horne did not know why Goddard did not think to use a different strategy. Scalia also seemed sympathetic to Arizona’s argument. For example, he remarked that the federal form requires nothing to show the individual is a citizen except, “check off, ‘I am a citizen,’ right? So it’s under oath. Big deal. If you’re willing to violate the voting laws, I suppose you’re willing to violate the perjury laws.”Going into yesterday’s argument it was possible that two justices, Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Anthony Kennedy, were swing votes in this case. We should find out by late June which side prevailed.  Breitbart News legal columnist Ken Klukowski is a fellow with the American Civil Rights Union.   PoliticsCongressRuth Bader GinsburgSupreme Court.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    How will Obama administration punish Edward Snowden? Skepticism in government builds and can Derechos be calmed with $20 billion?“The greatest danger zone a president can be in is when he is being attacked on the left and the right. When they are reading off the same talking points, that’s when presidencies fall apart.”-- Dan Pfeiffer, senior adviser to President Obama, in an interview with the Washington Post.In the little that President Obama has said publicly about his administration’s recently exposed domestic surveillance programs he has returned to the overall motif of his presidency: warning against excessive distrust of the federal government.While hawks wait anxiously to see if Obama can summon the political courage to defend the programs he has expanded despite his onetime opposition, the president has so far used the occasion to preach against what he seems to believe is a virus of anti-government sentiment in the nation.(At this moment it appears more likely that Obama will mostly leave it to Republicans to defend his programs, as he and they did with his war in Afghanistan and his flying killer robots. But who knows? The stakes are so huge here that even Obama may not be immune to political risk taking.)Obama’s commencement speech this year at Ohio State, his 2011 reprise of fellow liberal icon Theodore Roosevelt’s “New Nationalism” speech and many others, particularly his off-the-cuff comments on those who “get bitter and cling…” have been musings on the theme that the deep distrust of government in the United States is not just harmful but artificial – that moneyed corporate interests are behind these sentiments.Obama’s argument in concentrate is that rich people play on the fears and prejudices of the working class in order to block government from fulfilling its rightful role as regulator and protector. This is a particularly unhappy view of the condition of the American experiment arguing as it does that the majority of the citizenry has been bamboozled into mistrusting their own protector.Whatever the dark impulses and manipulations Obama believes lay at the heart of American disdain for government, the effect is that the president does not often deign to honestly engage the critics of his agenda and worldview. If he thinks that the Koch Brothers and Exxon lurk behind every critic of big, powerful government (apparently a view shared by many in the IRS), why would Obama give them the time of day?If they are not, as the president says “on the level,” why indulge them and allow them to distract from his goal of reorganizing the community of the disenfranchised around the banner of “collective action?”As scandals and misdeeds rack his administration, though, Obama is paying a high price for his cynicism as Americans return the favor.Just flip through the results of the latest FOX News poll:[pullquote]-- 56 percent of voters believe Obama did not try to rescue the doomed garrison in Benghazi, Libya because he didn’t want to risk his re-election.-- 62 percent agree that Obama’s NSA phone surveillance constitutes “an unacceptable and alarming invasion of privacy rights.”-- 63 percent believe that Obama’s Justice Department seized reporter’s records for political reasons, compared to 29 percent who take the administration’s national security argument to be true.-- 68 percent believe that the White House isn’t telling the truth about the targeting of the president’s political enemies by the IRS. Just 24 percent believe the White House line that Team Obama neither directed nor was aware of the targeting.-- 74 percent said that when it comes to openness and transparency, the Obama administration is either the same or worse than George W. Bush’s administration.The result is that Obama, in whom the public had long placed more trust than it did in his government, finds himself for the first time at the break-even point on the question of whether he is personally honest and trustworthy. That rating, which stood at a shimmering +49 percent in the spring of 2009, is almost certainly heading into negative territory.All of that leads to Obama’s lowest job approval rating since April 2012 when the economy again tumbled amid "headwinds." It's worth noting that voters are darned cheery about the economy and still are turning on the guy. And the 44 percent who still give him a passing grade will likely shrink too.Obama has consistently questioned the patriotism and motives of his adversaries. It was enough to win him a second term against a candidate whom Team Obama turned (with Mitt Romney’s help) into the personification of corrupt corporate abuse of middle-class America.But as Obama comes under withering attack from left, right and center, he is finding that many voters don’t think he is on the level either.And Now, A Word From Charles“So here is a guy saying, ‘It's over, essentially. I am winding it down.’ And at the same time running this unbelievably huge, invasive program whose only idea, whose only basis is the vast terror threat out there.  So he doesn't only support the program, he contradicts it in public.  That's a total lack of leadership and that's why his numbers, the poll numbers he now has are markedly down.”-- Charles Krauthammer on “Special Report with Bret Baier.”Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News, and his POWER PLAY column appears Monday-Friday on FoxNews.com. Catch Chris Live online daily at 11:30amET  at  http:live.foxnews.com.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.New York City mayoral candidate Christine Quinn on Friday denounced rival Anthony Weiner's "reckless behavior," but said it is up to voters to render judgment on his history of sending lewd messages to women online.Quinn, the City Council speaker, has a 9-percentage point lead over Weiner for the Democratic nomination for mayor, according to a poll released Thursday.The survey by NBC 4 New York, The Wall Street Journal and the Marist Institute for Public Opinion was the first taken since Weiner confirmed earlier this week that he continued to send salacious messages to women even after he resigned from Congress in 2011.New York City "deserves a mayor who's serious, who has a real record of results, of vision for the future, who's responsible and mature," Quinn said Friday on CNN's The Lead program. "All we've seen here ... is really a pattern of reckless behavior, an immaturity and a real disconnect from the truth."For most of this week, much of New York City politics has been consumed by Weiner and his latest scandal instead of issues such as housing and education. Weiner has been adamant that he won't quit the race, even as his lewd online behavior has become a punchline for late-night comics and dominates media coverage of the race."New Yorkers are smart people. They're cutting through this circus," Quinn said on CNN. "And they've been having conversations with me every day about the real issues in their lives. And they want the mayor to be about their lives and not themselves."Quinn said it's natural for polls to go up and down, but added she is "incredibly confident" about victory because of her record on key issues. Women's groups on Friday began stepping up their support of Quinn.Party primaries are Sept. 10. If no candidate gets more than 40% of the vote, a runoff will be held Oct. 1.Follow @ccamia on Twitter. WASHINGTON — — Fate is fickle, power cyclical, and nothing is new under the sun. Especially in Washington, where after every election the losing party is sagely instructed to confess sin, rend garments and rethink its principles lest it go the way of the Whigs. And where the victor is hailed as the new Caesar, facing an open road to domination. And where Barack Obama, already naturally inclined to believe his own loftiness, graciously accepted the kingly crown and proceeded to ride his re-election success to a crushing victory over the GOP at the fiscal cliff, leaving a humiliated John Boehner & Co. with nothing but naked tax hikes. Thus emboldened, Obama turned his inaugural and State of the Union addresses into a left-wing dream factory, from his declaration of war on global warming (on a planet where temperatures are the same as 16 years ago and in a country whose CO2 emissions are at a 20-year low) to the invention of new entitlements — e.g., universal preschool for 5-year-olds — for a country already drowning in debt. To realize his dreams, Obama sought to fracture and neutralize the congressional GOP as a prelude to reclaiming the House in 2014. This would enable him to fully enact his agenda in the final two years of his presidency, usually a time of lame-duck paralysis. Hail the Obama juggernaut. Well, that story — excuse me, narrative — lasted exactly six months. The Big Mo is gone. It began with the sequester. Obama never believed Republicans would call his bluff and let it go into effect. They did. Taken by surprise, Obama cried wolf, predicting the end of everything we hold dear if the sequester was not stopped. It wasn't. Nothing happened. Highly embarrassed, and determined to indeed make (bad) things happen, the White House refused Republican offers to give it more discretion in making cuts. Bureaucrats were instructed to inflict maximum pain from minimal cuts, as revealed by one memo from the Agriculture Department demanding agency cuts that the public would feel. Things began with the near-comical cancellation of White House tours and ended with not-so-comical airline delays. Obama thought furious passengers would blame the GOP. But isn't the executive branch in charge of these agencies? Who thinks that a government spending $3.6 trillion a year can't cut 2 percent without furloughing air traffic controllers? Looking not just incompetent at managing budgets but cynical for deliberately injuring the public welfare, the administration relented. Congress quickly passed a bill giving Obama reallocation authority to restore air traffic control. Having previously threatened to veto any such bill, Obama caved. He signed. Not exactly Appomattox, but coming immediately after Obama's spectacular defeat on gun control, it marked an administration that had lost its "juice," to paraphrase a charming question at the president's news conference. For Obama, gun control was a political disaster. He invested capital. He went on a multicity tour. He paraded grieving relatives. And got nothing. A military-style weapons ban — a similar measure had passed the Congress 20 years ago — lost 60-40 in a Senate where Democrats control 55 seats. Obama failed even to get mere background checks. All this while appearing passive, if not helpless, on the world stage. On Syria, Obama was nervously trying to erase the weapons of mass destruction red line he had so publicly established. On Benghazi, Libya, he stonewalled accusations that State Department officials wishing to testify are being blocked. He is even taking heat for the Boston bombings. Every day brings another revelation of signals missed beforehand. And his post-bombing pledge to hunt down those responsible was mocked by the scandalous Mirandizing of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, gratuitously shutting down information from the one person who knows more than anyone about possible still-existent explosives, associates, trainers, future plans, etc. Now, the screw will undoubtedly turn again. If immigration reform passes, Obama will be hailed as the comeback kid, and a new "Obama rising" narrative proclaimed. This will overlook the fact that immigration reform has little to do with Obama and everything to do with GOP panic about the Hispanic vote. In fact, Obama has been asked by congressional negotiators to stay away, so polarizing a figure has he become. Nonetheless, whatever happens, the screw will surely turn again, if only because of media boredom. But that's the one constant of Washington political life: There are no straight-line graphs. We live from inflection point to inflection point. And we've just experienced one. From king of the world to dead in the water in six months. Quite a ride. Washington Post Writers Group Charles Krauthammer is a Washington Post columnist. letters@charleskrauthammer.comCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune  Springfield power broker William Cellini reported to federal prison this afternoon to begin serving a one-year sentence for his conviction in the federal Operation Board Games probe. Cellini, 78, turned himself in at the low-security prison in Terre Haute, Ind., according to Ed Ross, a spokesman for the U.S. Bureau of Prisons. Former Gov. George Ryan is scheduled to be released to a halfway house from the same Terre Haute prison next week. Cellini was among the last of more than a dozen political insiders to be convicted in the federal investigation that also snared former Gov. Rod Blagojevich, who is currently serving a 14-year prison sentence in Colorado. A federal jury convicted Cellini in 2011 for his role in a plot to extort campaign contributions for Blagojevich from a Hollywood producer seeking to retain his lucrative state business. In November Cellini ended his bid to stay out of prison pending an appeal. He would be eligible for release after about 10 months, Ross said. In earlier arguing to delay Cellini's imprisonment while the appeal was ongoing, his attorneys contended he had a strong likelihood of overturning his conviction because a juror had failed to disclose her felony past during jury selection. About two weeks after Cellini was convicted, the Tribune reported that the juror did not disclose a 2000 felony drug conviction and a 2008 felony DUI conviction on a jury form and when the judge questioned her in the courtroom. jmeisner@tribune.comCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune Tamara Keith of National Public Radio filed a story Tuesday on efforts by liberal non-profit groups to claim that they, too, were “targeted” by the IRS, just as conservative groups were. None of them, however, can claim that they were singled out because of their names or views–and many received approval before the 2012 election.Keith notes that several “progressive” groups received extensive inquiries from the IRS when they applied for 501(c)3 or 501(c)4 status, including intrusive questions about their donors. Some complain that approval took nearly two years. Keith draws parallels between their experience and that of conservative groups.But Keith notes that “everyone” agrees that what happened to groups with “Tea Party” and “Patriot” in their names was wrong–and could well have added that there are no parallels to some of the worst abuses that conservative groups endured, such as questions about the content of their prayers, or leaks of donor lists.Keith’s report amplifies one of two narratives Democrats and the left have been spinning in the past several weeks to deflate the IRS scandal. One is that the IRS ought to be investigating political non-profit groups; the other, somewhat conflicting story is that the abuse conservative groups experienced was not unique.The story was released on the day that Tea Party groups are gathering for an “Audit the IRS” rally in Washington to protest the agency’s conduct. The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee continues its investigation of the IRS, as legislators debate calls for a special prosecutor into the scandal.Update: As Breitbart News’ Mike Flynn has noted, Democrats did not call any liberal non-profit groups to testify before the House Oversight Committee earlier this month when several of the Tea Party and conservative groups that had been targeted spoke to legislators about their experience of abuses by the IRS.Photo credit: Examiner.comMedia.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartYou likely remember this, but let's just do some quick catching up. On Sept. 17, 2012, Mother Jones released a video, helped by former President Carter's grandson, of a private fundraiser for Mitt Romney. Here's what the GOP presidential nominee said:There are 47 percent of the people who will vote for the president no matter what. All right, there are 47 percent who are with him, who are dependent upon government, who believe that they are victims, who believe that government has a responsibility to care for them, who believe that they are entitled to health care, to food, to housing, to you name it. That that's an entitlement. And the government should give it to them. And they will vote for this president no matter what. And I mean, the president starts off with 48, 49, 48—he starts off with a huge number. These are people who pay no income tax. Forty-seven percent of Americans pay no income tax. So our message of low taxes doesn't connect. And he'll be out there talking about tax cuts for the rich. I mean that's what they sell every four years. And so my job is not to worry about those people—I'll never convince them that they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives. MORE FROM NATIONAL JOURNALJoe Biden's Diner Schtick Doesn't Work in SingaporeIs John Boehner About To Get Aggressive The remarks turned out to be quite damning. And now, 10 months later, there are new words from Mitt Romney trying to jedi mind trick the old ones all away.RELATED: 100% of New Obama Ads Are Talking About 47%In a Washington Post excerpt of Dan Balz's upcoming book on the 2012 election, Romney put forward one of his most adamant defenses of the 47 percent comments. Balz's interview with Romney took place in late January, 2013. Here's Romney on what went through his head when he first heard about the video being released:As I understood it, and as they described it to me, not having heard it, it was saying, 'Look, the Democrats have 47 percent, we've got 45 percent, my job is to get the people in the middle, and I've got to get the people in the middle.'... And I thought, 'Well, that's a reasonable thing.' ... It's not a topic I talk about in public, but there's nothing wrong with it. They've got a bloc of voters, we've got a bloc of voters, I've got to get the ones in the middle. And I thought that that would be how it would be perceived — as a candidate talking about the process of focusing on the people in the middle who can either vote Republican or Democrat. As it turned out, down the road, it became perceived as being something very different.Calling the idea behind the comments "a reasonable thing" is a bit off from Romney's comments this June, in which he told CNN that he was "very upset" over what he said. The new view of his remarks also pushed aside the idea that those 47 percent weren't just "Democrats," but in Romney's assessment were "dependent upon government ... believe they are victims" and that he'd never be able to "convince them that they should take personal responsibility and care for their lives." RELATED: James O'Keefe Is the Real Victim HereBalz specifically asked Romney about the "personal responsibility" remark. Mitt Romney said it was fiction:Actually, I didn't say that.... That's how it began to be perceived, and so I had to ultimately respond to the perception, because perception is reality.Think of it as a "sorry, I'm not sorry." It's also a fascinating, one-sentence summation of how easy it is for a campaign aparatus to become an impenetrable bubble.RELATED: Scott Brown Goes All In on Warren's Cherokee Pa-PawRomney then presented Balz with his own take on the event. Some of which is here:In two months, my job is to get the people in the middle. But this was perceived as, 'Oh, he's saying 47 percent of the people he doesn't care about or he's insensitive to or they don't care—they don't take responsibility for their life.' No, no. I'm saying 47 percent of the people don't pay taxes and therefore they don't warm to our tax message. But the people who are voting for the president, my job isn't to try and get them. My job is to get the people in the middle. And I go on and say that. Take a look. Look at the full quote. But I realized, look, perception is reality. The perception is I'm saying I don't care about 47 percent of the people or something of that nature, and that's simply wrong.This doesn't really mesh with the full quotation above from Mother Jones's video transcript. Mother Jones's David Corn was caught pretty surprised by the new comments. But Romney did realize one thing:Well, clearly that was a very damaging quote and hurt my campaign effort.That's a statement you don't need much more context for.Warner Bros.' "Godzilla vs. Kong" debuted on the streaming service HBO Max simultaneously with movie theaters in the US.Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News In partnership with KING 5 Seattle, an NBC News investigation raised questions about Dr. Elizabeth Woods’ truthfulness as a child abuse expert. Prosecutors are now reviewing cases she worked on.The activity at Yongbyon lab follows a series of short-range missile tests by North Korea, apparently aimed at ratcheting up pressure on the U.S. and South Korea.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsAdvertisementSupported byBy Michael Barbaro and David W. ChenEliot Spitzer, who resigned as governor of New York five years ago amid a prostitution scandal, is re-entering political life, with a run for the citywide office of comptroller and a wager that voters are ready to look past his previous misconduct. In a telephone interview on Sunday night, Mr. Spitzer, 54, sounding restless after an unwelcome hiatus from government, said he had re-envisioned the often-overlooked office and yearned to resurrect the kind of aggressive role he played as New York State’s attorney general. He said that after consulting with his family and taking the temperature of the city’s electorate, he believed New Yorkers would be open to his candidacy. “I’m hopeful there will be forgiveness, I am asking for it,” he said.His re-emergence comes in an era when politicians — like Representative Mark Sanford of South Carolina and the New York mayoral contender Anthony D. Weiner — have shown that public disapproval, especially over sexual misconduct, can be fleeting, and that voters seem receptive to those who seek forgiveness and redemption.His decision startled the city’s political establishment, which is already unsettled by the rapid rise of Mr. Weiner, who also plunged into a campaign without party elders’ blessing. Mr. Spitzer batted away a question about whether the reception enjoyed by Mr. Weiner, who is running neck and neck with the front-runner Christine C. Quinn, factored into his decision, but said he was approached regularly by New Yorkers who say they would support him if he ran for office again.“It happens all the time,” he said. “People who walk with me on the street say, ‘People really do want you to get back in.’ ”Mr. Spitzer, who built a national reputation as a zealous watchdog of Wall Street while attorney general, imagines transforming the comptroller’s office into a robust agency that would not merely monitor and account for city spending, as it does now, but also conduct regular inquiries into the effectiveness of government policies in areas like high school graduation rates. Such a reading of the office, which would significantly expand its scope, could put Mr. Spitzer, a Democrat, into conflict with the city’s next mayor, much as his tenure as attorney general put him at odds with federal regulators of Wall Street.“The metaphor is what I did with the attorney general’s office,” he said. “It is ripe for greater and more exciting use of the office’s jurisdiction.”Since Mr. Spitzer’s resignation as governor, public surveys have shown little appetite for his run to elective office. So instead, he has worked as a television commentator on CNN, Current TV and NY1. None of them seemed to satisfy his thirst for political combat. Asked if he missed the frenetic pace and power that comes with a public platform, Mr. Spitzer responded readily, “Yes.”The son of a wealthy real estate developer, Mr. Spitzer said he would pay for the campaign himself, forgoing the city’s public financing system. The race is expected to cost several million dollars.Mr. Spitzer has little time to waste: To make the primary ballot in September, candidates for citywide office — mayor, comptroller and public advocate — must collect at least 3,750 signatures from registered voters from their political party by Thursday.With Mr. Spitzer’s name recognition and three million Democrats in the city, this should not be a difficult task, but he plans to flood the streets and supermarkets with some 100 signature gatherers starting on Monday.“I am going to be on the street corners,” he said. “We will be out across the city.”Mr. Spitzer’s entry promises to shake up a comptroller’s contest that had been viewed as an all-but-certain victory for Scott M. Stringer, the Manhattan borough president who has been embraced by the city’s unions and Democratic establishment. The office of Mr. Stringer, an amiable former lawmaker who was previously squeezed out of the mayor’s race, released a statement on Sunday night after being caught unaware by Mr. Spitzer’s news. “Scott Stringer has a proven record of results and integrity and entered this race to help New York’s middle class regain its footing,” Sascha Owen, Mr. Stringer’s campaign manager, said in the statement. “By contrast, Eliot Spitzer is going to spurn the campaign finance program to try and buy personal redemption with his family fortune.”Other Democrats will most likely suggest that Mr. Spitzer simply wants a new pulpit for his considerable ego and lacks the even temper needed to govern in a fractious city.Mr. Spitzer, who was once viewed as having a chance to become the first Jewish president, resigned as governor in March 2008, after The New York Times reported he had patronized a high-end prostitution ring called Emperors Club V.I.P. He said he had recently been reflecting on his work fighting Wall Street abuses, and writing an e-book about his experience as attorney general, which he said would be something of a template for his vision of comptroller. A Marist College poll taken nine months ago suggested few wanted Mr. Spitzer back: Asked if they wanted him to run for mayor, 30 percent of city voters said yes and 57 percent said no. It is not clear whether they would be more accepting of a run for a less prominent office. Mr. Sanford, for example, sought a House seat rather than statewide office when he returned to politics.Mr. Spitzer said he had not conducted any polling before deciding to run based on his gut reading of ordinary New Yorkers. He described an encounter on Sunday afternoon, when he was sitting on a park bench after a run near his Upper East Side home. He said he was approached by a woman, who began talking to him about her own experience aiding the homeless. “I appreciate what you did when you were in office,” he said she told him. “Nobody is perfect; I hope you run again.”As he weighed whether to run for office this year, he said, he talked in depth with his wife and daughters, who he indicated signed off on the decision. His three daughters, who were young when he entered public life, are now adults, ranging in age from 19 to 23.“They are mature, they are grown up,” he said. He added: “They have lived through a lot.”One group that is unlikely to celebrate Mr. Spitzer’s entry into the field: Wall Street, where firms endured costly and creative litigation at his hands throughout the early 2000s. The investment firms have regular business with the city comptroller, through the office’s oversight of pension funds. Mr. Spitzer wants to bring more shareholder activism to the pension funds.“I have always enjoyed chatting with the leadership of Wall Street,” Mr. Spitzer said. “We haven’t always agreed.”AdvertisementSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALWatching Hillary Rodham Clinton's exit from the State Department is a little like watching the season-ending episode of a popular television series that may not come back the next year. As loyal as its viewers are, there are always wary network executives and even exhausted writers and producers who'd just as soon let it go. It's a good policy, after all, to leave your audience wanting more.Clinton's finale could hardly have been more dramatic. After falling ill with a stomach virus in early December, she fainted, suffered a concussion and landed in a hospital with a blood clot between her brain and skull. Meanwhile, her detractors drummed up conspiracy theories about "Benghazi fever," and her supporters had a moment of genuine fear that Clinton might not be around to follow the script that so many have been writing for her over the last several years.That script goes something like this: Clinton will take a long, much-deserved vacation, then assume a low-key schedule of advocacy work and lucrative speaking engagements. She'll exercise, sleep more and eat better."I would like to see whether I can get untired," she said in November.Her hair will finally find the sweet spot between the Stepford-esque helmet head of the campaign trail and the current granny-cum-Eileen-Fisher-model look. She might even, heaven forfend, indulge in some surgically assisted "freshening up."And then in late 2014, a more vibrant, less jowly Clinton will return to the spotlight and announce her candidacy for president.It'll be a win-win. Voters who supported Clinton in 2008 will be thrilled in a better-late-than-never kind of way. Voters who were so besotted with Barack Obama that they turned on Clinton as if canceling plans with an old friend in favor of a hot date will be thrilled in an all's-right-with-the-universe kind of way.When it comes to historic elections, 2008 was just what most Democrats wanted. First the exciting young black guy, then the somewhat less exciting but eminently reliable old white lady. It was as if liberal voters promised to eat their vegetables if they could just have dessert first.But as Clinton's health scare reminded us, vegetables are perishable. Clinton is 65 and presumably healthy, but she cannot be presumed to maintain her past and current energy levels into her 70s. Moreover, as she has said numerous times, she has no plans to seek the presidency in 2016. She has instead joked that maybe she'll host a decorating show.Nonetheless, Clinton's fans are even now closing their eyes and imagining her in the Oval Office. And the idea that she may never get there — by choice, defeat or some kind of health or personal circumstance — remains unthinkable, even devastating. To put another woman in the job, even one that might better uphold the liberal principles that made Clinton's supporters love her in the first place (someone like, say, Elizabeth Warren), would be a kind of betrayal, not to mention a long shot.But for Clinton voters, there's something even more devastating than that: admitting that 2008 was their one and only chance, and they missed it.During the 2008 Democratic primary, when support shifted from Clinton to Obama, the rationale was that he stood a better chance of winning. Clinton was too polarizing — too Clintonesque. But there was another rationale: the less-discussed yet widely held belief that an Obama presidency today would in no way preclude a Clinton presidency tomorrow.Amid the rancor of that primary, the question for lots of Democrats wasn't "Which one do we want?" but "Which one goes first?" It wasn't enough to get a candidate elected; they wanted a lock on the successor, too.But in real life, unlike in a script, the gun that appears in the first act isn't guaranteed to go off in the third. Voters may have been willing to wait for a Clinton presidency, but that doesn't mean she's going to wait for them.And who could blame her? If her political career were a television drama, it would be in something like its 20th season now. Maybe it's time her fans stopped demanding more episodes. Anyway, that decorating show sounds promising.Los Angeles TimesMeghan Daum is an essayist and novelist in Los Angeles.mdaum@latimescolumnists.comWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsAdvertisementSupported byBy Michael BarbaroHe was the wisecracking know-it-all, asking a voter originally from Wyoming if his old neighbors “have running water and indoor plumbing there yet.” He was the hyperkinetic policy proposer, telling a middle-aged man that the solution to affordable housing was to “have a tax for the very, very superwealthy apartments — $10 million ones.” And he was the civic superman, swooping up a nanny’s stroller in his arms and carrying it down a flight of subway stairs. “Have a great day,” he told her, as cameras captured every second. Anthony D. Weiner, the exiled, ostracized and written-off former congressman, re-emerged on New York City’s political stage on Thursday as his essential, unvarnished self, at once gratingly self-mythologizing and charmingly self-effacing.Above all, he seemed incapable of concealing an unquenchable, Kochian need for affirmation. After a lengthy exchange, he asked a voter: “How’d I do? Do I have your vote?” (The answer: a halfhearted yes.)He told a young woman in Harlem that if she ever became president she should remember what meeting him had meant to her. He even suggested a specific recollection: “Little bit skinny, big nose, but I liked him. And he inspired me.” She walked away, slightly dazed. On the subway, he exhausted a heckler named Lori Coad who tried but failed to outsmart him with question after question about education and homelessness, which he deftly parried. “What’s the next one?” Mr. Weiner kept asking her. Ms. Coad brought up the Twitter posts that forced him to resign from Congress two years ago: “Stop going online and texting stuff, man. Leave that alone.” “You know, we were doing so well there,” Mr. Weiner told her, in mock disappointment as the train erupted in laughter. “I a-a-a-almost got off this train with everything going fine.” Even in a city that relishes its over-the-top political spectacles — remember when former Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani announced the breakup of his marriage at a news conference, and his wife, Donna Hanover, fired back with an indignant speech? — there was a singularly circuslike quality to Mr. Weiner’s first day on the mayoral campaign trail. Mr. Weiner, a Democrat, began at 125th Street and Lenox Avenue in Harlem, dipped underground onto the subway, then emerged onto the streets of the West Village, trailed at all times by a few dozen reporters and a small number of police officers called in to keep the peace. The procession produced chilly stares as well as striking scenes of public embrace. “Weiner for mayor!” a subway passenger screamed. In Harlem, an older man grasped Mr. Weiner’s hand and assured him, “You have the support of the Hispanic community.”Mr. Weiner seemed determined to withstand every last inquiry, in a form of public catharsis, just as he did on the afternoon in 2011 when he acknowledged his misdeeds. A reporter asked on Thursday, Why exactly was he running now? “It was a process of figuring out what felt right for the city, what felt right for me,” he said. “I apologize if I inconvenienced you with the scheduling.” Who would run his campaign’s social media operations? “What’s that?” he asked mischievously. Would he reveal the contents of the texts he sent to women? “The New York Post already asked me that yesterday,” he retorted.After enduring weeks of frequently crude, pun-filled coverage in the city’s tabloids, he seemed genuinely relieved to be talking about concrete policy proposals instead of lewd self-portraits.In conversations with voters, he waxed on about his jobs plan (“focus on the outer-borough strip centers”), the city’s new law on paid sick leave (“I would have liked it to be expanded to more folks”) and carriage horses (“inhumane treatment of our animals”). To further burnish his image as a serious problem solver, he appeared on the sober-minded “Brian Lehrer Show” on WNYC. After acknowledging that more women might step forward with embarrassing images, he devoted much of his airtime on Thursday to bike lanes, Catholic schools and the stop-and-frisk tactics of the police.At a candidates forum in the Bronx on Thursday evening, Mr. Weiner was the center of attention. Reporters and photographers descended on him with flashbulbs going off while they ignored the other mayoral hopefuls.The new Weiner, for all his high-minded ideas, did little during the day to suppress the sarcastic, smart-alecky shtick that defined him pre-scandal. “You guys are, like, a real thing? You cover news and stuff?” he asked a reporter from Talking Points Memo, a widely read blog, on Thursday morning. “Actual people don’t read that,” he said of Politico, the country’s best-known Web site for political coverage. There were hiccups — and outright gaffes. By Thursday afternoon, Web sleuths had figured out that Mr. Weiner’s campaign Web site, already mocked for crashing in its opening hours, displayed the skyline of Pittsburgh, not New York City. Mr. Weiner did what he could to minimize the mishaps. Ever the micromanager, he repeatedly sought to stage-manage the morning. As he left the subway at 14th Street, he paused to consider the best shot for photographers as he approached the turnstiles. “You guys want to get on the other side?” he said. The cameramen obeyed. At the end of his travels, Mr. Weiner bid the press goodbye, in an oddly formal manner, all but thanking them for tagging along for the show. “I hope that the morning was fruitful,” he said.AdvertisementThe left’s ire was particularly acute four years ago, because Brennan had been a high-level CIA official during the Bush Administration. At the time, the left was consumed with moral urgency to reverse many Bush anti-terror policies. Brennan was seen as a key player in the development of those policies.Brennan spent years at the CIA and served as chief of staff to former director George Tenet during the creation of the post-9/11 detention and interrogation programs. The New Yorker’s Jane Mayer described him as a “supporter” of the programs, which included torture and the use of secret prison “black sites.”After he withdrew his name for consideration for the CIA job, Brennan was appointed by Obama to be his chief counter-terrorism advisor. In that role, he has overseen a sweeping expansion of the drone program and adoption of a “kill list,” where the President can order targeted assassinations of terrorists. Brennan has helped construct and justify the Administration’s claim that it can kill people, including American citizens, abroad on its own authority, even when those people are not in countries with which we are at war. His speech in April was a sort of catechism, culminating in “targeted strikes are wise.” We have done it in Pakistan and Yemen; could we do it in London or Paris?In the aftermath of Brennan’s nomination yesterday, the ACLU cautioned the Senate not to proceed with confirmation “until it assesses the legality of his actions in past leadership positions in the CIA during the early years of the George W. Bush administration and in his current role in the ongoing targeted killing program”. ACLU’s statement is telling, since the organization doesn’t usually take positions on nominees for the executive branch. Obama’s decision to forge ahead with Brennan’s nomination suggests he feels he has a personal political mandate following his reelection. Brennan’s legacy hasn’t changed in the four years since his name was first floated as CIA Director. If anything, the civil libertarian critique of his record has strengthened, given the increased use of drone strikes and targeted assassinations. Obama understands, however, that much of the left’s outrage directed against Bush wasn’t as much about his specific policies as his political affiliation. Obama has continued most of the Bush-era anti-terror policies, as even staunch leftists now wearily acknowledge. Although I actively opposed Brennan’s CIA nomination in 2008, I can’t quite muster the energy or commitment to do so now. Indeed, the very idea that someone should be disqualified from service in the Obama administration because of involvement in and support for extremist Bush terrorism polices seems quaint and obsolete, given the great continuity between Bush and Obama on these issues. Whereas in 2008 it seemed uncertain in which direction Obama would go, making it important who wielded influence, that issue is now settled: Brennan is merely a symptom of Obama’s own extremism in these areas, not a cause. This continuity will continue with or without Brennan because they are, rather obviously, Obama’s preferred policies.A tiredness usually settles in during a President’s second term. Even the left gets weary of its moral outrage. While the usual suspects are expressing outrage over Brennan’s nomination, his confirmation fight will likely end with a whimper. As Greenwald notes, these are “obviously Obama’s preferred policies.”PoliticsChuck HagelDefenseSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones Products
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Questions about campaign's past actionsA jury in South Bend, Indiana has found that fraud put President Obama and Hillary Clinton on the presidential primary ballot in Indiana in the 2008 election. Two Democratic political operatives were convicted Thursday night in the illegal scheme after only three hours of deliberations. They were found guilty on all counts.Former longtime St. Joseph County Democratic party Chairman Butch Morgan Jr.  was found guilty of felony conspiracy counts to commit petition fraud and forgery, and former county Board of Elections worker Dustin Blythe was found guilty of felony forgery counts and falsely making a petition, after being accused of faking petitions that enabled Obama, then an Illinois Senator, to get on the presidential primary ballot for his first run for the White House.Morgan was accused of being the mastermind behind the plot.According to testimony from two former Board of Election officials who pled guilty, Morgan ordered Democratic officials and workers to fake the names and signatures that Obama and Clinton needed to qualify for the presidential race. Blythe, then a Board of Elections employee and Democratic Party volunteer, was accused of forging multiple pages of the Obama petitions."I think this helped uphold the integrity of the electoral system," the prosecutor, Stan Levco told reporters.“Their verdict of guilt is not a verdict against Democrats, but for honest and fair elections,” he said.The scheme was hatched in January of 2008, according to affidavits from investigators who cite former Board of Registration worker Lucas Burkett, who told them he was in on the plan at first, but then became uneasy and quit. He waited three years before telling authorities about it, but if revelations about any forgeries were raised during the election, the petitions could have been challenged during the contest. A candidate who did not qualify with enough legitimate signatures at the time, could have been bounced from the ballot.The case raise questions about whether in 2008, then candidate Obama actually submitted enough legitimate signatures to have legally qualified for the primary ballot.“I think had they been challenged successfully, he probably would not have been on the ballot,” Levco told Fox News.Under state law, presidential candidates need to qualify for the primary ballots with 500 signatures from each of the state's nine congressional districts. Indiana election officials say that in St. Joseph County, which is the 2nd Congressional district, the Obama campaign qualified with 534 signatures; Clinton's camp had 704.Prosecutors say that in President Obama's case, nine of the petition pages were apparently forged. Each petition contains up to 10 names, making a possible total of 90 names, which, if faked, could have brought the Obama total below the legal limit required to qualify. Prosecutors say 13 Clinton petitions were apparently forged, meaning up to 130 possibly fake signatures.  Even if 130 signatures had been challenged, it would have still left Mrs. Clinton with enough signatures to meet the 500 person threshold.Levco said a total of “100 to 200” signatures had been forged on Obama’s and Clinton’s petitions.An Indiana State Police investigator said in court papers that the agency examined the suspect Obama petitions and "selected names at random from each of the petition pages and contacted those people directly. We found at least one person (and often multiple people) from each page who confirmed that they had not signed" petitions "or given consent for their name and/or signature to appear."Numerous voters told Fox News that they never signed the petitions."That's not my signature," Charity Rorie, a mother of four, told us when we showed her the Obama petition with her name and signature. She was stunned, saying that it "absolutely" was a fake.Charity told Fox News that her husband's entry was also a forgery, and that they have never been contacted by investigators or any authorities looking into the scandal."It's scary, it's shocking. It definitely is illegal," she told us.Robert Hunter, Jr. told Fox news that his name was faked, too."I did not sign for Barack Obama," he told us. As he examined the Obama petition in his hands, Hunter pointed out that "I always put 'Junior' after my name, every time...there's no 'Junior' thereEven a former Democratic Governor of Indiana, Joe Kernan, told Fox News that his name was forged.“This is a bitter sweet moment for free and fair elections," observed Ryan Nees, the Indiana born Yale “University senior who first exposed the scheme in the independent political newsletter, Howey Politics Indiana and South Bend Tribune.Nees said the multiple guilty verdicts were "bitter, because a five-person conspiracy succeeded in illegally placing two presidential candidates on the ballot, but sweet because they were exposed, tried for their crimes, and convicted."Nees previously told Fox News that the fraud was clearly evident, "because page after page of signatures are all in the same handwriting," and that nobody raised any red flags "because election workers in charge of verifying their validity were the same people faking the signatures."Fox News' Meredith Amor contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News In partnership with KING 5 Seattle, an NBC News investigation raised questions about Dr. Elizabeth Woods’ truthfulness as a child abuse expert. Prosecutors are now reviewing cases she worked on.The activity at Yongbyon lab follows a series of short-range missile tests by North Korea, apparently aimed at ratcheting up pressure on the U.S. and South Korea.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    World ignores Obama coal war, The Senate ends the debate on immigration bill and Supreme Court rulings"We can't drive our SUVs and eat as much as we want and keep our homes on 72 degrees at all times ... and then just expect that other countries are going to say ‘OK.’ That's not leadership. That's not going to happen.”-- Then-Sen. Barack Obama at a campaign rally in Oregon, May 17, 2008.World leaders don’t seem to be paying much heed to President Obama. And not just when it comes to domestic spy leaker Edward Snowden’s ultimate destination.Obama today will announce what promises to be a hammer blow to cheap, coal-fired electricity as part of his legacy project of curbing global warming. But as Obama prepares to deliver what U.S. environmentalists hope will be a knockout punch to coal power here, the rest of the world is gobbling up every coal BTU it can get.U.S. carbon emissions dropped last year more than any other major industrialized country, due in substantial part to the first round of Obama’s EPA regulations (aided by cheaper natural gas from Obama-approved fracking and a perpetually sluggish economy).Meantime, China, India, Russia and other growing economies were firing up the coal furnaces. In the last decade, global carbon output increased by 2.6 billion tons beyond anything emitted in the United States, according to BP’s latest global survey on energy and the environment.Obama and new Secretary of State John Kerry say they remain committed to making the U.S. a signatory to a U.N. carbon treaty. As unlikely as that may be in the U.S. Senate, it looks even more unlikely given the tendencies in other major emitters. President Putin of Russia and President Xi of China seem especially unlikely to do anything that would slow their domestic growth to levels seen in places already under a carbon crackdown like the U.S. and Europe.But Obama, who as a candidate promised to “bankrupt” power companies that rely on coal power, will today make good. This action, he says, will set an example for the other nations to follow.The courts and the voting public have blocked Obama from delivering any of his comprehensive plans on carbon dioxide, which he and many others attribute to an increase in global temperatures prior to the late 1990s.Global temperatures have been steady for the last 15 or so years despite massive increases in carbon dioxide output. Climatologists who believe mankind is driving climate changes are looking for ways to explain why warming has stalled despite forecasts that the past 15 years would bring catastrophic warming. Their models have so far proved incorrect.But those extremely alarmed about carbon, including Obama, argue that the consequences are still seen in severe weather events like hurricanes and tornadoes.Obama, who is working hard to shore up his political base after revelations that he hugely expanded secret domestic surveillance programs, may not be able to impose federal fees on carbon emissions or regulate carbon dioxide as a toxic substance as he previously tried to do, but he still may be able to make electricity so expensive that his preferred green alternatives (especially given heavy federal subsidies) will be cost-effective.[pullquote]This effort will be even more important to Obama’s shaky political fortunes if he, as expected, accedes to pressure from business and labor groups to authorize a pipeline to bring Canadian oil to American refineries. Environmentalists are howling over the project that they say will increase U.S. complicity in climate change. Obama needs something to offer these folks, already unhappy to find out the size of his domestic spy regime, if he really is going to cave on Keystone.Obama doesn’t need Congress to cripple carbon. By expanding the EPA’s standards for new plants to existing plants, Obama will hasten the conversion to fracked natural gas by utilities. Even though the programs will take time to implement and face legal challenges, power companies have long seen the writing on the wall and are already switching to more expensive fuels. The conversion and the price increases due to heightened demand will accelerate.The idea here is for Americans to pay the price to show a moral example on climate to the rest of the world. It’s not that it will make much difference to the composition of the atmosphere but that previously reticent nations will want to follow suit.But as it turns out, the world doesn’t much care about America’s carbon footprint. For most of the planet’s 7 billion residents, the question is how they are living, not what the United States is emitting. Add to that the mounting questions about climate science and it is hard to see Putin and others jumping on the bandwagon of more expensive energy.Today’s announcement will be more good news for the president’s patrons and political partners in the green energy and natural gas businesses who have already benefited hugely from his policies. But as far as changing the planet, its looking like a great big “nyet.”And Now, A Word From Charles“The fact that people don’t like the United States is not new. What’s new is that these non-likers have no respect for the United States.”-- Charles Krauthammer on “Special Report with Bret Baier.”Chris Stirewalt is digital politics editor for Fox News, and his POWER PLAY column appears Monday-Friday on FoxNews.com. Catch Chris Live online daily at 11:30amET  at  http:live.foxnews.com.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      by Alec KohutThe video Maryland Democrat Chris Van Hollen’s recent “parliamentary inquiry” on the floor of the House of the Representatives is making the rounds, and will likely be seen by millions by the end of the week. I include this video at the bottom of the page.The video puts to rest any argument that the GOP wants to end the shutdown and get government working again. Perhaps they are having too much fun waving confederate flags in front of the White House. The bill, H.R. 368, forbids anyone except “the Majority Leader or his designate” from bringing a clean continuing resolution to the floor for vote.Now it doesn’t surprise me in the least that Republicans would do this. It doesn’t outrage me that the use of backhanded, undemocratic measures are being employed by the party controlled by Tea Party loons.What does infuriate me is the fact the seven Democrats crossed party lines to vote for a resolution that gives Eric Cantor, and only Eric Cantor the ability to bring fourth a vote a clear CR to get the government working aging…and yes, open the monuments.And now several of the seven House Democrats that voted for HR 368, are Tweeting and saying that they want a clean CR and are supporting the discharge petition. But I’m not falling for it. These seven members willfully voted against democracy, and supported the GOP’s effort to create yet another manufactured crisis.The seven back-stabbing, turncoat, worthless Democrats are:Ron Barber    AZ-2
John Barrow   GA-12
Dan Maffei   NY-24
Sean Patrick Maloney   NY-18
Jim Matheson   UT-4
Mike McIntyre   NC-7   
Collin Peterson   MN-7   Here’s what some of these dishonest Reps. have been Tweeting:Words are not capable of expressing my outrage and pure contempt for these low-life, scumbag traitors in our party.Thank you Chris Van Hollen for pulling back the curtain and exposing these truly worthless Democrats!Here's Van Hollen's Floor action:
http://youtu.be/...To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Senior officials say Biden apologized to Obama on WednesdayObama responded that Biden was speaking from the heart, they sayBiden's weekend remarks spurred Obama to announce his support for same-sex marriage
  Vice President Joe Biden has apologized to President Barack Obama for putting him in a tough position that led to Obama’s announcement that he now supports same-sex marriage, senior administration officials said Thursday.

  Obama said in an interview that aired Thursday on ABC that he made his decision public earlier than he had planned after Biden’s weekend remark that he was “absolutely comfortable” with letting gays and lesbians marry. 

  Two senior administration officials said Biden and Obama met Wednesday morning, and Biden apologized for putting Obama in a tough spot. Obama responded by saying that he knew Biden was speaking from the heart, said the officials, who didn’t want to be named discussing private conversations between the president and vice president.

  Biden’s remarks on NBC’s “Meet the Press” on Sunday launched a controversy that led to Obama announcing that his position on same-sex marriage, which he had previously called “evolving,” had shifted to support. When Obama’s full interview aired Thursday, he said his disclosure came sooner than planned as a result of Biden’s comments. 

  “I had already made a decision that we were going to probably take this position before the election and before the convention,” Obama said on ABC’s “Good Morning America.” Biden “probably got out a little bit over his skis, but out of generosity of spirit,” he said. 

  He added that he would have “preferred to have done this in my own way, on my own terms,” but “all’s well that ends well.”

  Separately, Biden spokeswoman Kendra Barkoff said Obama “has been the leader on this issue from day one, and the vice president never intended to distract from that.” 

  Once Biden’s comments drew attention to the issue, Obama made plans to announce his support next week on a previously scheduled appearance on the ABC talk show “The View,” a senior administration official said Thursday. The president and his advisers knew Obama would be asked about the issue in the wake of Biden’s NBC interview, said the official, who didn’t want to speak publicly about internal administration discussions.

  Ultimately, they decided to move up the timeline and have him announce his support during the ABC interview at the White House, the official said. And a top Democrat told CNN that Obama knew the issue would come up at the convention, partly because of a push for support for same-sex marriage to be included in the Democratic Party platform, and in debates. 

  Multiple top Democrats told CNN the president’s senior aides are annoyed with Biden for forcing the conversation on same-sex marriage now. One source said Biden has, in the past, counseled the president against coming out for same-sex marriage, making this move that much more frustrating. 

  But the sources said they don’t believe it will create a lasting rift between the two leaders. Biden is known to go off-script, something Obama knew when he selected his vice president. 

  In explaining to ABC how his position has evolved, Obama noted that his daughters Malia and Sasha have “friends whose parents are same-sex couples. It wouldn’t dawn on them that somehow their friends’ parents would be treated differently. And frankly that’s the kind of thing that prompts a change of perspective, not wanting to somehow explain to your child why somebody should be treated differently when it comes to the eyes of the law.”

  Asked about whether his new position is a calculated move in an election year, Obama said it would “be hard to argue that somehow this is something that I’d be doing for political advantage. Because frankly, you know, the politics – it’s not clear how they cut.”

  The interview aired the same day Obama attended a fundraiser in Los Angeles, where support for same-sex marriage is strong. Movie star George Clooney hosted the event, which is raking in $15 million, according to a top Democratic source. And on Monday, openly gay singer Ricky Martin is hosting a fundraising event for Obama in New York.

  But some in the African-American community have expressed strong disapproval of Obama’s endorsement of same-sex marriage. A Democratic official said the White House has been actively reaching out to African-American community leaders and pastors and will continue to do so in the wake of the president’s decision, but the official noted that even the president’s base won’t always agree with him on everything. “There are going to be issues you don’t agree on,” the official said. 

  And Obama told ABC he won’t spend much time talking about the issue, because he’s focused on the economy. The announcement puts Obama squarely at odds with presumptive Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, who has since reiterated his opposition to same-sex marriage. “And I do not favor civil unions if they are identical to marriage other than by name,” Romney said during a Wednesday visit to Fort Lupton, Colorado. “My view is the domestic partnership benefits, hospital visitation rights and the like are appropriate, but that the others are not.”

  The issue is a divisive one in American politics, but it’s uncertain how the development might play out at the voting booth.

  A Gallup Poll released Tuesday indicated 50% of Americans believe same-sex marriages should be recognized by law as valid, with 48% saying such marriages should not be legal – a dramatic shift from a few years ago. A Gallup poll in 2009 found 40% supported same-sex marriage and 57% were opposed.

  But a CNN/ORC International poll, taken in late March, indicated policies toward gays and lesbians were tied for last in people’s opinions of the most-important issues facing the country.

  Obama said he supports states deciding the issue on their own, but added that he was “disappointed” by Tuesday’s vote on the issue in North Carolina, where a ban on same-sex marriage was added to the constitution. Obama called the amendment discriminatory against gays and lesbians, a spokesman said earlier Wednesday.

  Six states – Massachusetts, Connecticut, Iowa, Vermont, New Hampshire and New York – and the District of Columbia issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples, while 31 states have voted in favor of constitutional amendments that seek to defend traditional definitions of marriage as a heterosexual union.

  In February, Washington Gov. Christine Gregoire signed a bill that would legalize same-sex marriage beginning in June, but opponents there have pledged to block the bill and called for voters to decide the issue. Maryland Gov. Martin O’Malley signed into law a bill that permits the state’s same-sex couples to wed as of January 1, and state residents may vote to affirm such a law. 

  Minnesota will vote on a state constitutional amendment similar to the one in North Carolina, while Maine will have a referendum on allowing same-sex marriage. Meanwhile, two cases seeking to overturn laws forbidding the practice, one from California and another from Massachusetts, could be headed to the U.S. Supreme Court in coming months.

  CNN’s Josh Levs, Phil Gast, Bill Mears, Dan Gilgoff and Jim Acosta contributed to this report.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.With red state Democratic Senators remaining skittish about embracing Obama’s gun proposals, at least two top Democratic donors are stepping forward and vowing to withhold any and all future financial contributions from any Democrats who don’t support the centerpiece of Obama’s plan: Expanded background checks.Kenneth Lerer, a New York businessman who is chairman of Buzzfeed.com, and David Bohnett, a technology entrepreneur and philanthopist based in Los Angeles, are both major financial supporters of Democratic candidates, having each given scores of large contributions over the years. They are both key players in the political fundraising world and wield influence among other donors and fundraisers.Neither will give another dime to any Senate Democrat who does not support expanded background checks, I’m told — and both will suggest to other donors that they do the same. The move underscores the rising importance of gun control as an issue in Democratic politics — and the rising frustration in some Democratic circles with elected officials who continue to regard gun politics as a third rail, at a moment that presents a real opportunity to achieve serious reform, with a policy that enjoys near universal public support.“At some point you have to draw a line in the sand — for me that time is now,” Lerer told me in an interview. “If candidates or officeholders can’t support something like comprehensive and enforceable background checks, then I wouldn’t think of giving them any money going forward.”Lerer also said he would be intensifying his contributions to Democratic Senate candidates in the next few years — excluding any that don’t take a strong position on gun control. “We intend to get very active in Senatorial campaigns during the next cycle and the one after,” he said. Red state Dems up for reelection in 2014 include Mary Landrieu, Kay Hagan, Mark Begich, Mark Pryor, and Max Baucus.Bohnett, too, will not give any more money to Dems who balk on guns. “If they don’t do the right thing on background checks, donors like David won’t be able to support them,” Michael Fleming, who advises Bohnett on his political and philanthropical giving, told me. “You look at what some senators from rather conservative states have done when it comes to supporting marriage equality — they ‘re willing to take a tough stand. We would expect nothing less on the gun issue.”“We will certainly share our concerns with our fellow funders,” Fleming added.Michael Bloomberg’s pro-gun-control group, Mayors Against Illegal Guns, has been informally reaching out to top Democratic contributors and encouraging them to evaluate candidates on the basis of their support for strong gun legislation, I’m told.A third major fundraiser, Grace Tsau-Wu of Chicago, who was on Obama’s national finance committee in 2012, also tells me she won’t help any candidates who are weak on guns get connected with her network of donors. “It’s hard for me to personally fundraise or get involved in the campaigns of any Democrats who don’t support background checks and aren’t behind the president on the issue of guns,” she said.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyFurther spending cuts by government departments have in effect been put off until 2015-16, a think tank has said."Year-on-year real cuts in departmental spending have effectively come to end for the period of this parliament," said Paul Johnson, director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS).Tax cuts in the Budget entail a "modest loosening" in the next two years.But austerity will tighten from 2015-16 as public sector worker National Insurance contributions rise sharply.The increase in NI contributions - which will affect the NHS in particular - will occur due to the ending of the right to contract out of the second state pension.Overall, Mr Johnson depicted the Budget as something of a non-event."Yesterday's Budget was sandwiched between an Autumn Statement three months ago and a Spending Review due in three months time," he said."This Budget looks like being the rather insubstantial filling between two pretty chunky slices of bread."Departmental spending is expected to stay constant until the next election, thanks in large part to an unprecedented £10.9bn of under-spending achieved by government departments during the current year.Austerity during the coming two years has been moderated as a result of tax cuts, notably the increase in the personal allowance on income tax to £10,000, the further cut in corporation tax, the cancellation of the rise in fuel duty, and the £2,000 cut in employer National Insurance contributions.However, the picture is likely to change from the 2015-16 fiscal year onwards, as the cost of a £3bn annual increase in infrastructure spending, more generous childcare assistance, and a watering-down of the cap on care for the elderly will need to be borne by other parts of government.If some areas of spending, such as the NHS and international aid, continue to be ring-fenced, "the outlook for all other unprotected spending looks grim indeed", said the IFS head.The Budget appears to set up a debate between the parties over whether to implement two draconian years following the elections, and how to split the burden between tax rises and further spending cuts."Whitehall departments might take some encouragement though from one rather heavy hint dropped in the Red Book," said Mr Johnson, referring to a line in the Treasury's full Budget handbook that stated: "It would, of course, be possible to do more of this further consolidation through tax instead."The IFS also drew on data from the Office for Budget Responsibility to highlight how £5.3bn out of the total £10.9bn in departmental under-spending this year was seemingly achieved via last-minute spending cuts, of which £1.6bn came from simply deferring spending into next year.This departmental under-spending enabled the chancellor to fulfil his promise to cut the deficit - the government's borrowing - this financial year. But, Mr Johnson said, "only by a whisker".According to OBR estimates, the deficit will fall to £120.9bn this financial year from £121bn in 2011-12 - a mere £100m, which Mr Johnson described as akin to a "rounding error"."There is every indication that the numbers have been carefully managed with a close eye on the headline borrowing figures for this year," he said."It is unlikely that this has led either to an economically optimal allocation of spending across years, or to a good use of time by officials and ministers."The IFS also highlighted how the poor performance of the economy had led the the OBR year after year to cut its forecasts for economic growth, and to raise its forecasts for the deficit, for total government indebtedness, and for the scale of spending cuts needed to bring its finances back under control.In June 2010, the chancellor had expected that by 2014-15 the deficit would have fallen to £37bn. The latest revised OBR deficit now puts the figure at £108bn.The Institute For Fiscal StudiesPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy2Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot3Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version6Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling7Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'8England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from  The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy using the skeet range at Camp David.  This column has been updated with a new ruling   The New Republic: “Have you ever fired a gun?”  President Obama: “Yes, in fact, up at Camp David, we do skeet shooting all the time.”  New Republic: ”The whole family?”  Obama: “Not the girls, but oftentimes guests of mine go up there. And I have a profound respect for the traditions of hunting that trace back in this country for generations. And I think those who dismiss that out of hand make a big mistake.”  — from an interview published Jan. 27, 2013   A number of readers have raised questions about the president’s statement that he goes skeet shooting “all the time” while at Camp David. In these suspicious times, they would like to see some evidence.  But the White House has been oddly silent about the matter.  On Monday, White House spokesman Jay Carney said he did know how often the president has gone skeet shooting and that he has not seen a photograph. “When he goes to Camp David, he goes to spend time with his family and friends and relax, not to produce photographs,” Carney told reporters.  Of course, this did not stop the White House from releasing these photographs in 2011. (Obama is shown at Sasha Obama’s birthday party at Camp David; the second was taken the same weekend of Vice President Biden, but that is not at Camp David): Then, on Wednesday, Carney tersely said he had no response to a challenge from Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.) for a skeet shooting contest with the president. We e-mailed a White House official on Tuesday and then Carney twice on Wednesday asking for the name of an Obama guest at Camp David who could confirm the president’s account. (The White House does not publicly release the names of guests.) We received no response all three times. So let’s review what we do know.   In skeet shooting, participants use shotguns to hit clay disks that are automatically flung into air, in an effort to simulate bird hunting. An interesting blog about Camp David, in a post from 2010, reports that many presidents have enjoyed skeet shooting at the rustic retreat. (Check out the photo of John F. Kennedy skeet shooting with future Washington Post editor Ben Bradlee.) The blog also displays overhead images over the years showing that the skeet range is located near the helicopter pad. We searched high and low through hundreds of news reports to see if there was ever any other mention of Obama engaged in skeet shooting. We found that Obama, in a weekly radio address in 2012, congratulated Kim Rhode on becoming “the first American to win individual medals in five straight Olympics with her gold in skeet shooting” and Army Sgt. Vincent Hancock for a second skeet gold.  But when the Olympic athletes later visited the White House, Obama did not make a reference to having attempted skeet shooting. Instead, he spoke of other sports that moved him to do better:“But I was inspired to watch you guys even though I couldn’t do what you do.  I was inspired to run a little bit faster watching Tyson Gay, and lift a little more after watching Holley Mangold, or do a few more crunches after watching Michael Phelps and the other swimmers.  Somehow, it didn’t work quite on me.”  In 2011, Politico reported that Obama was “an infrequent visitor” to Camp David, compared to other presidents: Those close to Obama say the president — who owns a home in Chicago — is more of an “urban guy,” who prefers hitting the basketball court and the golf course on weekends to blow off steam. On a sunny Sunday afternoon, upon returning from Camp David on his most recent trip, Obama headed straight for the links. And while Camp David includes a movie theater, bowling alley, swimming pool and endless biking and hiking trails, Obama prefers to stick close to the White House when he’s not on vacation.Again, no mention of skeet shooting. (UPDATE: A reader pointed us to an Associated Press article in 2010 which reported that after Obama met with the Texas Christian University national championship rifle team, one team member quoted Obama as saying he had practiced shooting a rifle with the Secret Service.) We also could not find evidence that Obama ever tried skeet shooting before he became president. During the 2008 campaign, a group that called itself the American Hunters and Shooters Association — which some pro-gun groups attacked as a front for anti-gun forces — endorsed Obama and announced he would attend a skeet shooting event in September in Colorado. “The Obama campaign says the skeet shooting event will highlight the Democrat’s support of the Second Amendment and hunting rights,” the Associated Press reported. But Ray Schoenke, a former Washington Redskins football player who headed the organization, said in an interview Wednesday that in the end Obama did not attend the Colorado event.  Schoenke said that after Obama’s election, the organization — which he said was intended to bridge the gap between urban liberals and rural gun owners — closed down because of lack of support from the Obama administration. He said he did many events in support of the Obama campaign in 2008 but Obama never mentioned having ever handled a firearm.During a September 2008 campaign event in Duryea, Pa.., Obama was point blank asked if he was “going to take away the guns.”  He gave a rather long answer, but he made no reference to having used a weapon himself — and this certainly would have been the perfect moment. Instead, he speaks of “your guns:” “The bottom line is this: If you’ve got a rifle, you've got a shotgun, you've got a gun in your house, I'm not taking it away. All right? So they can keep on talking about it, but this is just not true.“And, by the way, even if — here's another thing you've got to understand. Even if I wanted to take it away, I couldn’t get it done. I don't have the votes in Congress….“It's your guns. We're not going to mess with them, all right? I hope I made that clear. Is everybody clear back there in the back? Because I see a couple sportsmen back there. All right? Spread the word with your friends. I'm not going to take away your guns.” Generally, a politician who has handled firearms will advertise that fact to gun owners. Indeed, here’s how Obama’s 2008 rival for the Democratic nomination, then-Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton, spoke about guns after another mass killing that year, according to the AP: Clinton told an audience she supported gun rights, two days after a student opened fire on the campus of Northern Illinois University, killing five before turning the gun on himself. Clinton said she believed in getting guns out of the hands of criminals and the mentally ill even as she favored protecting the rights of law abiding gun owners.“I've gone hunting,” she said. “I know you may not believe it, but it's true. My father taught us to shoot.”Clinton told reporters later she had once shot a duck in Arkansas, along with “a lot of tin cans, targets and some skeet.”   The evidence suggests that until Obama had access to a shooting range as president, he never went skeet shooting. He certainly did not speak like a politician who had once used a firearm.But it is also curious that the White House refuses to provide any documentary evidence that he actually used the shooting range at Camp David, since he claims he uses it “all the time,” or that a presidential friend has not come forward to confirm the president’s comments. We live in suspicious times and the president lives in a media fishbowl. That’s the way it is. In the meantime, we do not have enough information to make a ruling one way or the other. We are eager to see a photograph, or hear from someone who saw him at the skeet range, to put this matter to rest.  UPDATE: A reader notes that because Obama said he does skeet shooting “all the time,” perhaps our standard of proof should be higher--such as several photographs. That’s a reasonable point. We have also been asked why we did not immediately award Pinocchios, such as when Sen. Harry Reid (D-Nev.) made unproven claims about Mitt Romney’s taxes. We try to avoid using “verdict pending,” but in cases of self-aggrandizement, we are willing to be a bit more patient. Obviously, if the White House is not forthcoming with additional evidence, then the claim becomes increasingly doubtful.  UPDATE, Feb. 2: The White House released this photograph of the president at the Camp David skeet range on Aug. 4, 2012. We are pleased the White House has become more forthcoming about this matter, though it does not quite answer the questions concerning the president’s “all the time” language. What do readers think? (Also, given some of the controversy this column generated, we refer you to a negative critique that appeared on Mediaite, which certainly reflects the views of a number of readers who are upset that we thought this was even an issue.) UPDATE: As one might expect, there is a vast divide on this, with some readers upset that we did not immediately change our ruling because the president released a photo, as we had requested in our original column. We try not to make snap judgements, but readers argued we had moved the goal posts. Well, a case could be made that we had. (See first update.) We certainly appreciate all of the commentary we received on this column. Many readers initially were upset that we did not immediately award Pinocchios, but now a new wave of readers has condemned us for even thinking this was worthy of serious inquiry. On the last point, we respectively disagree. All statements by public figures are subject to scrutiny. The president made an unexpected claim, and for nearly a week the White House refused to back it up. So we now have a photo, a news report quoting an anonymous source that the president participated in a Marine guard competition and a news report quoting Obama that he has practiced with the Secret Service. The issue is settled, and we award the president a Geppetto Checkmark.     (About our rating scale) Check out our candidate Pinocchio Tracker   Follow The Fact Checker on Twitter and friend us on Facebook .Please enter a valid email address. By submitting your email, you agree to our  Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You’re all set! We sent this offer to john.smith@gmail.com Please enter a valid email address. By submitting your email, you agree to our  Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You’re all set!We sent this offer to john.smith@gmail.compoliticsSuccess! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: See all newslettersAs an “assault weapons” ban seems less likely to even make it to a floor vote, President Obama and Democrat lawmakers are increasingly looking to universal background checks as the piece of legislation they can push through the House and Senate.Here’s the problem: Universal background checks are the most insidious of all the gun control measures pushed heretofore. They will rob of us of more freedom than an “assault weapons” ban and a “high capacity” magazine ban combined, all in the name of preventing another Sandy Hook shooting. Yet they will actually do nothing to prevent such a shooting. Nothing at all. As David Kopel so ably put it in his Jan. 30 testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee, universal background checks necessitate a gun registry if they are to be enforceable. Put simply, this means that once a universal background state statute is in place, the government will require you to register every gun you own–shotguns, rifles, and handguns–so that they can be sure you do not sell a gun privately. Which brings us to our second point: universal background checks will end private sales, period. No more sales to neighbors, no more sales between a father and his son or a mother and her daughter. No more sales between friends. Once guns are registered, and private sales have been ended, the door will be opened for taxes allocated per number of guns owned, forced liability insurance payable based on number of guns owned, and for outright gun confiscation. The NRA has warned about the confiscation that usually follows registration, historically speaking, and the Democrats themselves are already promoting per-gun taxes and liability insurance. The bottom line: Universal background checks represent the crest of the hill atop the slippery slope. We must contact our Reps. and Sens. and demand that they say no to this insidious gun control measure.It has nothing to with Sandy Hook Elementary, but everything to do with helping Democrats realize their dreams of crushing the 2nd Amendment. PoliticsNRASenateUniversal.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartBarack Obama, in an attempt to appear sympathetic to gun owners’ concerns as he pursues a gun-banning agenda in the wake of the Sandy Hook school shooting, recently bragged that he goes skeet shooting at Camp David “all the time.” Responding to the blowback from skeptics who doubted Obama was telling the unvarnished truth (Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) challenged Obama to a skeet shooting contest), the White House not only released a photo of Obama shooting skeet, but White House press secretary Jay Carney also tried to water down Obama’s statement. Carney claimed Obama had “never pretended to or suggested that he had grown up as a hunter or engaging in sports activities with weapons.” According to the White House spokesman, “[Obama] simply said that he had, and this is the truth, that he had enjoyed shooting at Camp David. That’s a fact.” He went on to explain why the photo had been released while continuing to assert that Obama’s comments about shooting had been entirely unplanned:The fact is the president was asked a question–did not volunteer, but was asked a question about whether or not he had ever shot a weapon. He answered with the truth, which is that he has enjoyed shooting competitively with friends at Camp David on multiple occasions… there were persistent questions about this, and we decided to release a photo of the president shooting at Camp David.Obama told The New Republic that he was a skeet shooter, stating, “Yes, in fact, up at Camp David, we do skeet shooting all the time. Not the girls, but oftentimes guests of mine go up there.” When asked whether Obama liked skeet or trap shooting better, Carney replied that Obama “has gotten better” at shooting.PoliticsMarsha BlackburnWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartTurns out the funny man did hear the GOP’s complaints.Stewart interviewed Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius on Monday’s edition of The Daily Show, and he proceeded to both mock and shred her attempt to talk up Obamacare. One almost could feel sorry for an Obama administration official forced to defend the president’s signature train wreck.Stewart kept his clown nose on for the start of their chat to highlight Obamacare’s deeply flawed web component.We’re going to do a challenge,” Stewart said at the start of the interview. “I’m going to try and download every movie ever made, and you are going to try to sign up for Obamacare — and we’ll see which happens first.Ouch. It was almost as if Jay Leno were sitting in Stewart’s chair for a moment.Stewart wasn’t finished.If I’m an individual that doesn’t want [Obamacare], it would be hard for me to look at a big business getting a waiver and not having to do it and me having to,” Stewart said. “Because I would feel like … like you are favoring big business because they lobbied you this year, but you’re not allowing individuals that same courtesy.”Sebelius ducked the question and repeated her talking points. She did that a few more times on his follow-ups, prompting Stewart to say, “Am I a stupid man?No, just a comedian who too often defends the president for partisan reasons and mocks the one cable news station–Fox News–which holds Obama’s feet to the fire on the latest headlines.Sadly, many young Americans say they get their “news” from Stewart’s Daily Show. If true, Millennials got a dose of stone cold reality last night.The Daily Show with Jon StewartGet More: Daily Show Full Episodes,The Daily Show on FacebookThe Daily Show with Jon StewartGet More: Daily Show Full Episodes,The Daily Show on FacebookEntertainmentComedy CentralJon Stewart.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWASHINGTON - President Barack Obama is expected Monday to address the problem-plagued rollout of his signature health care legislation, which has suffered an embarrassing start with a cascade of computer problems plaguing online sign-ups for health insurance.The rough rollout has been a black eye for Obama, who invested significant time and political capital in his first term getting the law passed, with the goal of insuring millions of Americans without coverage.Administration officials say more than 476,000 health insurance applications have been filed through federal and state exchanges. The figures mark the most detailed measure yet of the problem-plagued rollout of the insurance marketplace.However, the officials continue to refuse to say how many people have actually enrolled. And without enrolment figures, it's unclear whether the program is on track to reach the 7 million people projected to gain coverage during the six-month sign-up period.Administration officials initially blamed a high volume of interest from ordinary Americans for the frozen screens that many people encountered. Since then, they have also acknowledged problems with software and some elements of the system's design.The officials said technology experts from inside and outside the government are being brought in to work on the glitches, though they did not say how many workers were being added.Officials did say staffing has been increased at call centres by about 50 per cent. As problems persist on the federally run website, the administration is encouraging more people to sign up for insurance over the phone.The officials would not discuss the health insurance rollout by name and were granted anonymity.Despite the widespread problems, the White House has yet to fully explain what went wrong with the online system consumers were supposed to use to sign up for coverage.Interest in the insurance markets appears to continue to be high. Officials said about 19 million people have visited HealthCare.gov as of Friday night.Americans seeking health coverage through the legislation must fill out applications before selecting a specific plan. The forms require personal information, including income figures that are used to calculate any subsidies the applicant may qualify for. More than one person can be included on an application.An internal memo obtained by The Associated Press showed that the administration projected nearly a half million people would enrol for the insurance markets during the first month.Officials say they expect enrollments to be heavier toward the end of the six-month sign up window.Problems with the rollout were largely overshadowed by Republican efforts to force changes to the health care law in exchange for funding the government. That effort failed and the government reopened last week with "Obamacare" intact.___Associated Press writer Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar contributed to this report.___Follow Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDCWarner Bros.' "Godzilla vs. Kong" debuted on the streaming service HBO Max simultaneously with movie theaters in the US.Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.
                          This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
                          or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
                          Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
                       It seems you clicked on a bad link and stumbled upon our 404 pageThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News A man who spent a lifetime putting his name on things is rebranding himself as a number, and marketing experts are intrigued.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALWASHINGTON — Kathleen Sebelius is on the hot seat as the Obama administration battles to rebound from a problem-plagued rollout of the Affordable Care Act, but friends of the embattled Health and Human Services secretary say it's a mistake to count her out.In recent days, Sebelius has been lampooned by Saturday Night Live and is facing calls from several Republicans to step down because of the bungled roll out of the online exchange.Sebelius is no stranger to difficult fights. During her time as governor in the deep red state of Kansas, she had high-profile battles with state GOP lawmakers over her controversial decision to prevent the expansion of a coal plant and her halting of the merger of two of the region's largest health care providers.Despite battles with Republicans on environmental issues, education and health policy during her two terms as governor and as Kansas insurance commissioner, she left office with an approval rating that hovered near 60%."She has been successful because she is level-headed," said Raj Goyle, a former Democratic lawmaker in the Kansas Legislature who worked closely with Sebelius when she was governor. "She's unflappable."But as Sebelius prepares to appear before a House Energy and Commerce Committee on Wednesday to discuss problems with the exchange, she faces the most difficult battle of her career.Republicans have only stepped up their criticism of her in recent days, seizing on some of her missteps.Last week, at an event to tout the Affordable Care Act in Phoenix, she set off a fresh round of GOP criticism after she said those calling for her resignation were "people who I don't work for and who do not want this program to work in the first place."Earlier this month, she struggled in an interview on the Daily Show with Jon Stewart to explain the problems with the balky website, which the White House says will be running at full speed by the end of November. Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., this week called Sebelius "the laughingstock of America."Sen. Pat Roberts, a Republican from her home state of Kansas who stood by her side more than four years ago at a White House ceremony when President Obama announced her nomination, was the first lawmaker to call for her resignation.Todd Tiahrt, a former GOP congressman from Kansas, said that the call for Sebelius' ouster is merited."Look at a parallel situation in the private sector of a CEO being hired by a board of directors to implement something that they have heavily invested in," Tiahrt said. "If it comes to a disaster, I would venture to guess that the CEO would immediately be withdrawn and fired. "Obama, who will head to Boston on Wednesday to discuss the problems with health care implementation while she is being grilled, has stood by Sebelius. The two have long had a warm relationship dating back to his first presidential campaign, where she was an early backer of his run for the White House. Sebelius was also under consideration to be his running mate. White House spokesman Jay Carney has said that Sebelius maintains the president's "full confidence."It's not the first time that Obama has stood by Sebelius at a tough moment. Earlier this year, the president appeared to publicly signal support for Sebelius after she drew Republican fire for asking health industry officials to make donations to help with the effort to implement the ACA.Soon after reports of the solicitation became public, the president invited Sebelius to join him for one of his regular weekend golf outings — an invitation he has only extended to a handful of women during his presidency.Lawmakers outside of Washington have also come to Sebelius' defense. Gov. Steve Beshear, the Democratic governor of Kentucky, has become one of her most impassioned defenders."It is so typical of Washington, D.C., that when something goes wrong the first thing that the critics do is yell for somebody's firing or yell for somebody's scalp," Beshear said.Forgotten in all the criticism, Beshear said, is that there were also problems with the rollout of Medicare in 1960s and more recently with implementation of the prescription drug benefit known as Medicare Part D. In time, kinks were worked out and the programs remain popular.During her time in Kansas, Sebelius earned a reputation nationally of being a consensus-builder, but she had her tough battles with Republicans, said Bob Beatty, a political scientist at the Washburn University in Kansas."In Kansas, for a Democrat to win, you have to have charisma," Beatty said. "But her charisma was not loud in the (New Jersey Gov.) Chris Christie sense. Sebelius' charisma came from the ability to ensure voters that she was competent. Perhaps that quieter charisma doesn't play as well in the face of a national problem like this one."In 2007, while serving as governor of Kansas, she made the unprecedented decision to deny a permit for the expansion of a coal power plant based in part on concerns about climate change, kicking off a multiyear battle with the GOP-controlled legislature.That same year she ruffled Republicans' feathers when she plainly stated after a devastating tornado all but destroyed the small town of Greensburg, Kan., that the recovery response was slow because vital National Guard equipment was tied up by the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.Perhaps the moment in her political career most analogous to the battle she now faces was one that dates back to her time as Kansas' insurance commissioner.As the state's top insurance regulator in 2002, she blocked a controversial merger between two health-insurance providers. The for-profit company, Anthem, wanted to take over Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas, the state's non-profit entity that covered roughly 45% of Kansans.For Anthem, the private company based in Indiana, the merger would have allowed them to spread its risk over a much broader pool of patients. For Blue Cross, the takeover would mean that it wouldn't have to insure everybody, including risky people with bad health, and could be more competitive.Goyle said conventional wisdom at the time dictated that she approve the merger. But Sebelius, he said, ultimately looked past the political noise and led a deliberative process in which she followed the facts to the ultimate conclusion that the merger would be bad for Kansans.The episode, Goyle said, underscores why he believes she will ultimately emerge from the controversy over the problems with the online exchange."The Blue Cross-Anthem situation is really Exhibit A of her ability to stay focused on the facts and the end goal," Goyle said. "I do not believe for one second that she's worried about the politics or that she thinks about her own standing."
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Bob Beckel breaks down the ObamaCare numbersThe head of the agency responsible for overseeing the troubled HealthCare.gov repeatedly refused to disclose how many people have enrolled in ObamaCare -- during a hearing where she did not deny that officials have that information.Marilyn Tavenner, head of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, testified Tuesday before the House Ways and Means Committee. At the top of the hearing, she apologized for the failures of the main ObamaCare website and vowed to fix them.But, raising more questions about the administration's transparency on the project, she declined to cite enrollment numbers. She did not claim, as Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius recently did, that officials simply do not have those numbers -- rather, she said a "decision" was made to release them in mid-November."We made the decision that we were not releasing the numbers until mid-November," she said.Rep. Devin Nunes, R-Calif., asked again whether she had any idea what the numbers are.Her answer was the same."I'll take that as you don't want to answer the question," Nunes said.Earlier in the hearing, Tavenner tried to downplay expectations. Facing ongoing problems with the enrollment website, Tavenner told Congress that "we expect the initial numbers to be small."An internal memo obtained by The Associated Press shows that the administration expected nearly 500,000 people to gain coverage just in October, the program's first month. If the administration is short of that target, it is unclear by how much.Tavenner, though, vowed to fix the troubled exchange website by the end of November."To the millions who have attempted to use HealthCare.gov to shop and enroll in health care coverage, I want to apologize to you that the website has not worked as well as it should," she said. "We know how desperately you need affordable coverage. I want to assure you that HealthCare.gov can and will be fixed."The apology would appear to be the first by an administration official.Tavenner's testimony precedes that of Sebelius, who is expected to appear before a separate House committee on Wednesday. As Tavenner testified, calls were mounting from Republicans for Sebelius to resign.Significantly, Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., speaking on the Senate floor, called Tuesday for Sebelius' resignation. Alexander is the top Republican on the Senate health panel."Mr. President, at some point there has to be accountability. Expecting this secretary to be able to fix what she hasn't been able to fix during the last three-and-a-half years is unrealistic," he said. "It's throwing good money after bad. It's time for her to resign -- someone else to take charge."In written testimony released ahead of Wednesday's hearing, Sebelius vowed to improve the website and said the consumer experience to date is "not acceptable." But she defended the law itself and said extensive work and testing is being done."We are working to ensure consumers' interaction with HealthCare.gov is a positive one, and that the Affordable Care Act  fully delivers on its promise," she said in the prepared remarks.Republicans were also voicing concern Tuesday about Americans being kicked off their current health plans, and newly uncovered documents that show the administration anticipated millions might lose their current coverage and be sent into different plans -- despite pledges to the contrary from the White House.The Associated Press contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Dozens of times (that we know of) over his campaign to pass ObamaCare and to win re-election, President Obama lied to the American people about being able to keep the health insurance they like. But that lie has only been replaced with another: the lie that these cancellations will be limited to the 5% of Americans in the individual marketplace — when the truth is that these cancellations have only just begun.Over at National Review, in a piece appropriately titled “Lying About Lies,” Michael Tanner reports that the same ObamaCare formula currently wiping out the individual market is about to rain hell on the employer-based market. The result will be that tens of millions of policies will be wiped out. This is a secret that is and always has been hiding in plain sight. As far back as last March, the media dutifully reported that the CBO reported that these cancellations were coming. So the media knew Obama was lying during the campaign but never said a word to spread this truth — oh, except to call Mitt Romney a liar for telling the truth. All these Democrats and members of the elite media now pretending they don’t or didn’t know… Please. Just as the media knew Obama was lying about people in the individual market being able to keep their insurance, the media also know that the same apocalypse looms for the employer-based market. It is not conservatives making this estimate, it is the Congressional Budget Office. [emphasis mine]But the same conditions that are causing the cancellation of individual policies will eventually result in the cancellation of millions of employment-based policies as well. The only reason that hasn’t happened yet is that the employer mandate was postponed for a year, so employer plans don’t yet have to be ACA-compliant. But they will. Even the Congressional Budget Office estimates that as many as 20 million workers will lose their current employer-sponsored plans. Combine that with those losing individual plans, and more than 30 million Americans cannot keep their current insurance.ObamaCare’s latest trick is the “junk plan hustle.” Over and over, we keep hearing about how our White House overlords are doing Americans a favor by canceling the insurance they like and replacing it with “appropriate” health plans. But most of those plans are not junk plans. That is just another lie the White House is telling, and the media are letting them get away with it. The media know the White House is lying about this junk plan nonsense because the ObamaCare guidelines for what isn’t a “junk plan” only includes 2% of the policies currently in existence. According to HealthPocket, a health-insurance consulting firm, fewer than 2 percent of individual plans on offer today meet all ACA requirements. The most frequent reason for noncompliance was not a failure to cover hospitalization, as the administration has suggested, but not providing pediatric care, including vision and dental care for children. A worthwhile benefit, perhaps, but if you are childless, it’s hard to see how lacking such a benefit makes your policy subpar.This is why other serious think tanks believe that before this nightmare is over, up to 93 million people could lose the insurance Obama promised they could keep. In order to buy time, Obama, Democrats, and the media are trying to con the American people into believing that the rolling ObamaCare catastrophe is compartmentalized to just 5% of the population. This conspiracy of silence is all about trying to contain through a lie of omission what is a legitimate reason for the public to panic as soon as they realize that … they are next. Obama is not sorry for lying. And the media are not sorry for covering up that lie for three years. The phase we are in now is nothing more than a 2.0 version of that exact same lie.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC        PoliticsMitt RomneyWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWASHINGTON (AP) — Crammed into conference rooms with pizza for dinner, some programmers building the Obama administration's showcase health insurance website were growing increasingly stressed. Some worked past 10 p.m., energy drinks in hand. Others rewrote computer code over and over to meet what they considered last-minute requests for changes from the government or other contractors.As questions mount over the website's failure, insider interviews and a review of technical specifications by The Associated Press found a mind-numbingly complex system put together by harried programmers who pushed out a final product that congressional investigators said was tested by the government and not private developers with more expertise.Meanwhile, the White House said that President Barack Obama's longtime adviser Jeffrey Zients will provide management advice to help fix the system. White House press secretary Jay Carney says Zients will be on a short-term assignment at the Health and Human Services Department before he's due to take over as director of Obama's National Economic Council Jan. 1.Carney cited Zients' expertise as a longtime management consultant and his "proven track record" since coming to the White House in 2009, both as interim budget director and as chief performance officer, when he headed an effort to streamline government and cut costs. "We're engaged in an all-out effort to improve the online experience," Carney said.This is not the first time Obama has turned to Zients for help solving a major problem. In the 2009, after far more drivers than anticipated signed up for the Cash for Clunkers program that promised rebates to people who traded in their old cars for more fuel-efficient vehicles, Obama assigned Zients, his deputy budget director at the time, to help eliminate the backlog.When the same thing happened with sign-ups for an updated version of the GI Bill, one designed to help the 9/11 generation of veterans get a college education, Obama again turned to Zients."He's not going to be looking under the hood and tell you 'I can fix the coding, I can fix it,'" Kenneth Baer, who was a senior adviser to Zients at the budget office, said of Zients' newest assignment. "His skill is going to be how to identify challenges, prioritize what solutions need to be done next, assessing what talent is already available and then how to motivate them to do that job as quickly and as ably as possible."Aneesh Chopra, who was Obama's chief technology officer, said Zients is extremely skilled in figuring things out from a management perspective."If I was confident this issue would be resolved before his participation, I am doubly so now," said Chopra, who also worked with Zients at the Advisory Board Co., one of two business advisory firms where Zients held top posts. "Jeff's track record is really a relentless focus on execution."Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said in a post on HealthCare.gov that her agency is also bringing in more experts and specialists from government and industry, including top Silicon Valley companies."This new infusion of talent will bring a powerful array of subject matter expertise and skills, including extensive experience scaling major IT systems," she said. "This effort is being marshaled as part of a cross-functional team that is working aggressively to diagnose parts of HealthCare.gov that are experiencing problems, learn from successful states, prioritize issues, and fix them."Project developers for the health care website who spoke to the AP on condition of anonymity — because they feared they would otherwise be fired — said they raised doubts among themselves whether the website could be ready in time. They complained openly to each other about what they considered tight and unrealistic deadlines. One was nearly brought to tears over the stress of finishing on time, one developer said. Website builders saw red flags for months.A review of internal architectural diagrams obtained by the AP revealed the system's complexity. Insurance applicants have a host of personal information verified, including income and immigration status. The system connects to other federal computer networks, including ones at the Social Security Administration, IRS, Veterans Administration, Office of Personnel Management and the Peace Corps.Obama on Monday acknowledged technical problems that he described as "kinks in the system." But in remarks at a Rose Garden event, Obama offered no explanation for the failure except to note that high traffic to the website caused some of the slowdowns. He said it had been visited nearly 20 million times — fewer monthly visits so far than many commercial websites, such as PayPal, AOL, Wikipedia or Pinterest."The problem has been that the website that's supposed to make it easy to apply for and purchase the insurance is not working the way it should for everybody," Obama said. "There's no sugarcoating it. The website has been too slow. People have been getting stuck during the application process. And I think it's fair to say that nobody is more frustrated by that than I am."The online system was envisioned as a simple way for people without health insurance to comparison-shop among competing plans offered in their state, pick their preferred level of coverage and cost and sign up. For many, it's not worked out that way so far.Just weeks before the launch of HealthCare.gov on Oct. 1, one programmer said, colleagues huddled in conference rooms trying to patch "bugs," or deficiencies in computer code. Unresolved problems led to visitors experiencing cryptic error messages or enduring long waits trying to sign up.Congressional investigators have concluded that the government's Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, not private software developers, tested the exchange's computer systems during the final weeks. That task, known as integration testing, is usually handled by software companies because it ferrets out problems before the public sees the final product.The government spent at least $394 million in contracts to build the federal health care exchange and the data hub. Those contracts included major awards to Virginia-based CGI Federal Inc., Maryland-based Quality Software Services Inc. and Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.CGI Federal said in a statement Monday it was working with the government and other contractors "around the clock" to improve the system, which it called "complex, ambitious and unprecedented."The schematics from late 2012 show how officials designated a "data services hub" — a traffic cop for managing information — in lieu of a design that would have allowed state exchanges to connect directly to government servers when verifying an applicant's information. On Sunday, the Health and Human Services Department said the data hub was working but not meeting public expectations: "We are committed to doing better."Administration officials so far have refused to say how many people actually have managed to enroll in insurance during the three weeks since the new marketplaces became available. Without enrollment numbers, it's impossible to know whether the program is on track to reach projections from the Congressional Budget Office that 7 million people would gain coverage during the first year the exchanges were available.Instead, officials have selectively cited figures that put the insurance exchanges in a positive light. They say more than 19 million people have logged on to the federal website and nearly 500,000 have filled out applications for insurance through both the federal and state-run sites.The flood of computer problems since the website went online has been deeply embarrassing for the White House. The snags have called into question whether the administration is capable of implementing the complex policy and why senior administration officials — including the president — appear to have been unaware of the scope of the problems when the exchange sites opened.Even as the president spoke at the Rose Garden, more problems were coming to light. The administration acknowledged that a planned upgrade to the website had been postponed indefinitely and that online Spanish-language signups would remain unavailable, despite a promise to Hispanic groups that the capability would start this week. And the government tweaked the website's home page so visitors can now view phone numbers to apply the old-fashioned way or window-shop for insurance rates without registering first.The House Energy and Commerce Committee was expected to conduct an oversight hearing Thursday, probably without Sebelius testifying. She could testify on Capitol Hill on the subject as early as next week.Uninsured Americans have until about mid-February to sign up for coverage if they are to meet the law's requirement that they be insured by the end of March. If they don't, they will face a penalty. The administration says it's working to address the timing issue to provide more flexibility.Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., plans to introduce legislation to delay that requirement because: "It's not fair to punish people for not buying something that's not available," Rubio told "CBS This Morning" on Tuesday.Citing the website problems, Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., also urged the White House to extend the open enrollment period past March 31, 2014.In a letter Tuesday to Obama, Shaheen suggested extending open enrollment to "provide greater flexibility for the American people seeking to access health insurance," according to an emailed statement from her office. Shaheen also asked the White House to clarify how the "individual responsibility penalty will be administered and enforced" in light of the website's difficulties.On Monday, the White House advised people frustrated by the online tangle that they can enroll by calling 1-800-318-2596 in a process that should take 25 minutes for an individual or 45 minutes for a family. Assistance is also available in communities from helpers who can be found at LocalHelp.HealthCare.gov.___Associated Press writers Ricardo Alonso-Zaldivar and Darlene Superville contributed to this report.___Follow Jack Gillum on Twitter at http://twitter.com/jackgillum or Julie Pace at http://twitter.com/jpaceDC.Warner Bros.' "Godzilla vs. Kong" debuted on the streaming service HBO Max simultaneously with movie theaters in the US.Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.At best, President Obama's proposed health care “fix” offers political protection for vulnerable lawmakers. That's because beyond giving insurance companies permission to continue offering individual health care plans that don't comply with the Affordable Care Act, the president's fix doesn't compel anyone to do anything.So why even propose such a fix, and especially a remedy that, according insurance experts, could lead to more expensive premiums for the people the fix is supposed to help?As Kaiser Family Foundation Vice President Larry Levitt explained to Yahoo News, the best "fix" supporters of the Affordable Care Act could offer is to simply let the current process play out."From the perspective of keeping the market stable and premiums down, a quicker transition to new coverage is the best approach," Levitt said. "Any plan that allows individuals to keep their old policies will tend to raise costs and raise premiums.”In other words, according to Levitt and other experts, Obama's proposed fix offers little in the way of actual help to consumers or even insurance providers.What it does do is provide Obama (and by extension the Democrats in Congress) a scapegoat and a much-needed short-term political gain."This doesn't change anything other than force insurers to be the political flack jackets for the administration," an insurance industry insider told Buzzfeed. "So now when we don't offer these policies the White House can say it's the insurers doing this and not being flexible."The president's proposal creates a number of challenges. For example, insurers are not actually required to restore canceled plans. And if consumers keep their less expensive plans, it will almost certainly drive up costs for those who are buying plans from the health care exchanges."If due to these changes fewer younger and healthier people choose to purchase coverage in the exchange, premiums will increase in the marketplace and there will be fewer choices for consumers," Karen Ignagni, chief executive of America's Health Insurance Plans, a leading organization of insurance providers, said in a statement. Levitt adds that it will be "complex but not impossible" for insurers to reverse course on canceled plans. But while that course is theoretically possible, the insurers have little incentive to reverse course and "throw a wrench in the works in the bottom half of the 9th inning," as Levitt described it."It is unclear how, as a practical matter, the changes proposed today by the president can be put into effect," said Jim Donelon, president of the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and Louisiana Insurance commissioner. "In many states, cancellation notices have already gone out to policyholders, and rates and plans have already been approved for 2014. Changing the rules through administrative action at this late date creates uncertainty and may not address the underlying issues."Regardless of whether the president's fix does anything to actually help consumers, you can almost certainly expect more political fixes to be offered before the January 2014 deadline for all Americans to be insured goes into effect.Republicans in the House are gearing up to consider a bill by Fred Upton, R-Mich., that would allow insurers to continue to offer non-ACA compliant plans on a yearly basis, while a potential Democratic bill in the Senate would require insurers to continue these plans.House Speaker John Boehner said he plans to go forward with a Friday vote on the Upton bill. When asked if Democrats in the House would propose their own legislative fix, Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told reporters, "We'll do what we have to do.""My guess is that because the House and Senate proposals all go further in their own way, I would expect that they would stick around for awhile," Levitt said.Warner Bros.' "Godzilla vs. Kong" debuted on the streaming service HBO Max simultaneously with movie theaters in the US.Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    A look at technical, political falloutThe president may be vacationing in a tropical paradise, but there's no escaping the buffeting winds of troubled state health insurance exchanges, even in Hawaii.For openers, the botched roll-out of the ObamaCare state exchange in Hawaii has hurt Democratic Gov. Neil Abercrombie's approval ratings: 51 percent of likely Democratic primary voters say they don't like the way he's doing his job.Already out of a job is Coral Andrews, the executive director of Hawaii's state-run exchange. She submitted her resignation effective December 6 after only 257 people had signed up for health care a month into the roll out.Hawaii's website contract was awarded to the same firm, CGI, that blew the national Healthcare.gov roll out. CGI won the Hawaii contract even after the state senate president warned the state exchange director not to hire the firm. CGI apparently also had botched Hawaii's tax website, costing Hawaiians $50 million to fix.Hawaii is not alone. Oregon's website never has worked, despite that state receiving more exchange grant money than any others, except California and New York.Oregon applicants are forced to fill out a 19-page paper form but that, too, has been problematic. Despite assurances that coverage would take effect January 1, late this month applicants began receiving robo-calls in which a voice told the applicant, "If you have not heard from us by December 23rd, it is unlikely your application can be processed for January 1st insurance coverage."Oregonian Harold Stanton received one of those calls and is no longer sure whether his health care insurance is effective come January 1."The governor should have been apprised of the situation. If he wasn't apprised of the situation, then shame on his aides, and if he was, then shame on him for not listening to his aides," he says.The director of Oregon’s exchange is now on medical leave.Maryland, home to presumed Democratic presidential contender Gov. Martin O'Malley, also had a bad roll out.Its exchange director is now gone, but lingering animosities remain. Gubernatorial hopeful Attorney General Doug Gansler fired off an intra-party salvo when he said the roll out was akin to a "Saturday Night Live skit." The object of his wrath is lieutenant governor and gubernatorial front-runner Anthony Brown, who is also the chairman of the state panel on the health care roll out.California has been touted as a state exchange success story. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi recently said of her state’s exchange, "In Covered California, we're moving along (the) largest state in the union, rolling along in a very positive way on it."But what she did not say was that the state’s enrollment among Latinos has been weak.Only five percent of enrollees are Latino, even though they make up more than half of California's uninsured.In a conference call with reporters Monday, Pelosi said the "transformational" nature of ObamaCare, much like Social Security, means that the law will take time to work out.She added, "It's going to be a glorious thing."Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsContrary to what the media are telling you, the shutdown is not helping ObamaCare. Again and again, conservatives have been taunted by the media with the cry of, “If you hadn’t shut down the government, we’d be covering the ObamaCare launch debacle.”Huh? The media are covering the ObamaCare launch debacle, and the coverage is the Obama administration’s worst nightmare because the shutdown has made it impossible for the White House to come up with a plan that would instruct the media in how to mitigate the damage. You see, if there was no shutdown, the media coverage of the launch would not be anywhere as negative for the White House as it is now, and here is why…1. The White House Can’t Do Damage Control – Right now the media and the White House are covering the ObamaCare launch debacle in stark, one-dimensional terms: It is an expensive, disappointing, big government  debacle. Both are too overwhelmed to figure out a way to make it look less worse, which we all know would happen if they had the time and resources. 2. The White House Can’t Gameplan a Plan B – While the administration obviously bungled the launch, when it comes to cleaning up a mess, this White House can usually move pretty fast. This time the White House can’t. They and the media are too bogged down in the shutdown. With some breathing room, the White House might have been able to set up a massive call center staffed with volunteers — something, anything to get people signed up. But even if they do, there is just no media space available to spread the word. 3. White House Can’t Reassure Anyone – If the shutdown wasn’t gobbling up White House resources and media space, the administration could fan out its supporters to reassure those interested in signing up for ObamaCare that things are going to get better and that the problems are aggressively being worked on. Instead, all potential enrollees are seeing is error messages and all they are hearing is bad news. 4. White House Can’t Spin the Sticker Shock – If anything brings down ObamaCare, it will be sticker shock. For four years, Obama, Democrats, and the media have been lying to the American people about the cost of ObamaCare. On top of adding $2.6 trillion to our deficit, individuals are facing shockingly high premiums and premium increases. This, after being lied to again and again about cheaper premiums. I’m not sure how the White House and its media would spin their way out of this, but heaven knows if they had the time and resources, they would find a way. After all, this is the same media that turned Obama’s Libya debacle into a campaign problem for Mitt Romney. —The bottom line to ObamaCare’s success or failure is the number of enrollees paying into the system. In its first year, ObamaCare needs seven million enrollees, three million of them healthy and under age 35. If those numbers aren’t met, the program is a failure, the disapproval ratings increase, and the chances of ObamaCare slowly being killed increase. ObamaCare is the president’s baby, his only significant accomplishment, his only hope for a legacy — it is burning down before his eyes and he is helpless to do anything to shape the all-important first impression. Throughout Obama’s time in the spotlight, this is the only time I have ever witnessed anything he has bungled receiving only harshly negative coverage. It’s a bloodbath because the shutdown is taking up all the space that would normally be used for spin and lies.  Follow  John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC   MediaMitt RomneyWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartIn early September, Reid defended the exemption to Obamacare granted to members of Congress and their staffers by the Office of Personnel and Management on August 7. As Heritage’s The Foundry pointed out, “there is no statutory authority, either in Obamacare or in Title V of the U.S Code, for the U.S. Office of Personnel Management to make government insurance contributions on behalf of federal employees to any plan other than an FEHBP plan.”But when Vitter introduced his No Washington Exemption from Obamacare Amendment on September 12, Reid was forced to make a decision on whether it should be brought to a vote. As Majority Leader of the Senate, Reid exercises power by determining what bills will come to a vote in committees and before the full Senate. Reid has indicated from the outset that he opposes Vitter’s amendment, but he has attempted to maintain the public fiction that the amendment would receive the same treatment as any amendment proposed by any member of the Senate.Despite significant evidence to the contrary, Reid continues to insist that the Congressional exemption authorized by the Office of Personnel Management is contained within the law. But on Tuesday, Vitter called the Congressional Obamacare exemption “flat out against the law,” and that exposure of Reid’s blatant hypocrisy may have been too much for the Majority Leader to take.When Senate Democrats subsequently prevented Vitter’s amendment from coming to a vote, Vitter took to the floor of the Senate and delivered a statement that called Reid out on his hypocrisy.  “After freaking out last Thursday with threats and bribery, this week Harry Reid said he’s fine with an up-or-down vote on my No Washington Exemption from Obamacare Amendment. I guess that was just a weak attempt at disguising his fear about losing his special exemption,” he said.According to a statement issued by his office on Thursday, “Vitter’s amendment would reverse and clarify the decision by the Office of Personnel and Management (OPM) on Obamacare. The legislation will require that all Members of Congress, the President, Vice President, and all political appointees in the Administration must purchase their health insurance on the Obamacare Exchange without the help of taxpayer-funded subsidies. Congressional staff would be prohibited from receiving any contribution greater than what they would receive if they were not employed by a congressional office.”Tea party stalwart Senators Ted Cruz (R-TX) and Mike Lee (R-UT) are co-sponsors of the Vitter amendment, along with Senators Mike Enzi (R-WY), Dean Heller (R-V), Ron Johnson (R-WI), and Jim Inhofe (R-OK).PoliticsCongressHarry ReidSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAccording to the poll (pdf), which surveyed American adults between Nov. 18-20 with a margin of error of ±3.5 points:As you might expect, the poll's crosstabs show that most Republicans are certain Obamacare can't be fixed and has already failed, but outside of the GOP universe, people aren't merely open to Obamacare, they are optimistic about its prospects and want it to work.Obviously, it doesn't matter how open or optimistic the public is if the Obama administration can't ultimately deliver on the promise of Obamacare, but if they do, most Americans are on their side. Republicans have bet everything on failure. If they lose that bet, it will be an absolute political nightmare for them—and it should be.Last night, Stephen Colbert laid into Fox News as only Stephen can do for trying to justify why women should pay more for health care in their attempts to attack Obamacare.When it comes to medical care, men always get the short end of the long end of the scope.  You see, folks, up until now, health insurance in America has always struck a delicate balance.  Women paid higher premiums than men, and in return, men paid less.  (audience laughter)  The system worked.  But now, folks, all that's changing.DR. JANE HUGHES (9/24/2013): Under the new law, they're including essential health benefits.  And those essential health benefits include maternity, pediatric dental and vision, contraceptive services, and free birth control pills — none of which a young man needs or wants.Did you catch that?  Under Obamacare, men will pay the same amount as women, and yet we still don't get to pass a cantaloupe with toenails through our genitals.  (audience laughter)Fox Business host and Madame Tussauds' wax figure of himself John Stossel reminds us why the ladies should pay more.Yeah, ladies, ladies, come on.  No, ladies, ladies love going to the doctor.  Who knows why?  Maybe they're pretending they're extras on Grey's Anatomy, I don't know.  They're suckers for that stuff.And Fox News chief urologist Dr. David Samadi gives us a real world example of the ladies' doctor addiction.DR. DAVID SAMADI: That's not a really fair system.  She sees her doctor all the time.  When was the last time you went to see your doctor?BRIAN KILMEADE: Two years ago.DR. DAVID SAMADI: Exactly.  And you?  Last week.GRETCHEN CARLSON: I've had Lyme disease for the last 10 days, so....DR. DAVID SAMADI: That's what happens.  So you're basically paying for her.It's not fair.  And folks, it's no wonder the brown-haired guy who's not Steve Doocy won't go to the doctor, he hates wearing that cone.And folks, he's not alone.  The Fox doc explained the obvious reason why all men always go to the doctor less.(wild audience laughter)You know, you gotta squint.  You gotta kind of squint to make out what's really going on down there.  It's like one of those Magic Eye posters.  They say there's a little man in a boat, but I've never found it.  (audience laughter)I tell you what, fellas, I tell you what.  As long as we're footing the bill for all this lady maintenance, I say we demand pap smears!  (audience laughter)  OK?  Hey, hey!  It's guy-necologist, not gal-necologist.  (audience laughter)  I say we make them find a place to stick that speculum.  They're the doctors.President Obama's extraordinary mea culpa news conference Thursday was about more than making a fix in a provision of the Affordable Care Act.It was about turning around a downward slide that could threaten the future of his presidency.For more than three years, congressional Republicans have flailed at the Affordable Care Act with limited success. Now, in the space of six weeks, the administration's own missteps — the botched roll-out of the federal exchange website and the broken promises over consumers being able to keep insurance plans they like — have significantly eroded confidence in Obama's signature legislative achievement and Democratic unity behind it.What's more, with a string of apologies and some uncomfortable admissions, Obama Thursday fueled questions about his administration's competence and his own leadership, the most fundamental of presidential characteristics."There have been times where I thought we got, you know, slapped around a little bit unjustly. This one's deserved, all right? It's on us," he said at one point. At another: "I do make apologies for not having executed better over the last several months." And one more: "We fumbled the roll-out on this health care law."He said he would delay for a year provisions in the health care law that required insurance companies to end policies that didn't have minimum coverage standards. But the insurance industry warned that step could raise premiums for everyone and state insurance commissioners questioned whether it was even feasible at this late date.And the revolt on Capitol Hill didn't seem to abate. House Republicans plan to vote Friday on a bill the White House opposes that would allow Americans to keep existing health care plans through 2014. Some Senate Democrats said they hoped to continue with plans for a similar measure."What's happened in recent weeks is, I think, a dagger aimed at the heart of Obama's presidency," says presidential scholar William Galston of the Brookings Institution, a veteran of the Clinton White House. "I say that not only because of the centrality of health care reform to the administration's agenda and to his legacy but also because it has posed a direct challenge to his standing as president in the eyes of the American people."Obama's approval-disapproval rating was at 42%-52% in the daily Gallup Poll Thursday, in the neighborhood of George W. Bush at this point in his second term and well below the standing of Bill Clinton and Ronald Reagan. For the first time in his presidency, a majority of Americans said Obama was not a strong and decisive leader.Approval of the Affordable Care Act also may be dropping fast. Just a few weeks ago, 44% approved of the law, 47% disapproved. Now just 40% approve and 55% disapprove, the worst in at least a year.Surely only dire circumstances could have convinced the candidate once known as "no-drama Obama" to announce a policy change and then field questions for almost an hour in the White House press room. Not a person given to public introspection or apology, his tone was contrite and even confessional at times.To be sure, presidents have recovered from serious setbacks before. Reagan faced tough hearings over the Iran-contra scandal but finished his second term with a tax code overhaul and breakthrough agreements with the Soviet Union. Clinton survived impeachment. A booming economy and a falling jobless rate could do a lot to restore Obama's reputation.If things go as the White House hopes, the HealthCare.gov website will be operating well by the end of this month. By the end of next March, when the sign-up period is scheduled to end, many of those consumers now concerned about losing their current plans will be persuaded that they're better off with a new one.At the moment, however, the Obamacare landscape is sufficiently rocky that when a reporter asked about about stalled negotiations over Iran's nuclear program, it seemed to be almost a relief.Follow @susanpage on Twitter.The Obama administration decided that Obamacare Navigators, tasked with helping Americans enroll in a health insurance plan, would not undergo mandatory background checks. Now, in the ten weeks since the launch of Healthcare.gov, the ill-trained Navigators have put Americans’ sensitive health and tax information at risk. Breitbart News has obtained a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee report on the Obamacare Navigators that will be released Monday. It has found that Obamacare Navigators have been giving Americans misinformation and, in some cases, actively encouraging enrollees to commit fraud in order to raise their subsidies. To complicate matters further, there is no way for Americans to find out whether their Navigators are properly certified.Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said at a Congressional hearing that it was “possible” for convicted felons to become Navigators. The report, titled Risks of Fraud and Misinformation with ObamaCare Outreach Campaign: How Navigator and Assister Program Mismanagement Endangers Consumers, concludes that is only one of many worries Americans should have about Navigators. The Oversight Committee, chaired by Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA), and HHS actually learned that “poorly-trained Navigators gave consumers incorrect information about the health care exchanges, violated HHS rules and procedures, and even encouraged applicants to commit tax fraud in some instances.” Moreover, this was learned from various news reports due to the complete lack of any internal oversight.On November 21, the Obama administration briefed the Committee. Those in attendance included Gary Cohen, the Deputy Administrator and Director of the Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight (CCIIO), and Mandy Cohen, Director of the Consumer Support Group at CCIIO.The Committee report concluded that “documents call into question the effectiveness of the Navigator program and the Obama administration’s ability to safeguard consumer information.” HHS’s mismanagement of the Navigator and Assister programs “induces fraudulent behavior and poses real threats to the safety of consumers’ personally identifiable information, such as one’s social security number, yearly income, and other sensitive tax information,” the report found.The report also discovered that Obamacare Navigators have “encouraged consumers to commit tax fraud by underreporting income in order to qualify for ObamaCare’s health insurance subsidies.” Some have “assisted applicants before completing their 5 to 20 hour online training course, and others took custody of paper applications and mailed them for the applicant, violating the rule that applicants must mail in the application themselves.” For instance, the Committee found:The report found that HHS officials responsible for the Navigator program did not learn of the aforementioned incidents from internal oversight procedures, but rather from news reports. Yet the Obama administration still does not plan to implement a “secret shopper” program to monitor Navigators. HHS officials have put together “webinars” for Navigators, but they are voluntary and do not cover specific details.The report also found that because the Obama administration did not warn Navigators that there could be problems with the HealthCare.Gov website, “Navigators were essentially useless” when the website crashed and had problems. To make matters worse, notes from an October 11, 2013 meeting state that the Navigators were encouraging potential enrollees to use paper applications they knew may not bring applicants quicker results “to protect their reputations as people in the communities who can help.”The Committee found that this “push towards the use of paper applications further increases security risks, since health insurance exchange applications contain personally identifiable information such as the applicant’s full name, social security number, the names and social security numbers of everyone in the applicant’s household, and income for every member of the household.”The report also concluded that Navigators were also unprepared to handle situations in which consumers mentioned unreported income because the Obama administration did not even anticipate such situations. Gary Cohen, the director of the agency overseeing the Navigators, previously stated, “this could be one of the areas where it is a little beyond the ability of your average Navigator,” when asked whether Navigators knew how to deal with Americans who may be engaging in tax fraud or intending to under-report income. Though Cohen “admitted there is a need for better training on the issue through the ongoing education process” and did not rule out “requiring Navigators to report tax fraud in the future,” the Obama administration “has not taken the necessary steps to prevent this type of tax fraud.” The report found that Navigators have not even been provided with a document on how to handle potential tax fraud issues that may arise. Navigators, the report also found, “lack guidance about how to comply with the Voting Rights Act, which requires that federal government applications provide the opportunity for applicants to indicate their interest in registering to vote.”And though Cohen told the Committee staff that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services “[keep] a list of certified Navigators, which, as of mid-November, numbered 2,500 individuals,” the list is private, which means Americans do not have a way to know if their Navigators are actually even certified. That also allows Navigator organizations to “misrepresent the qualifications of an individual who is associated with that organization but is not a certified Navigator,” the committee found. Navigator Report Update Final 12-13-13PoliticsDarrell IssaReuters.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartHealth insurance plans purchased through Obamacare only kick in once a customer pays their first month’s premium. On Monday, the Wall Street Journal reported that “only about half of enrollees billed for plans offered by more than 100 insurers in 17 states had paid their first month’s premium,” according to Benaissance chief strategy officer Mark Waterstraat, whose firm serves as a third-party billing company for insurers. Another insurer, Scott & White Health Plan, told the Journal that only 35% of its enrollees have paid for the plans they applied for. The Obama administration remains far behind its 7 million enrollment target but has recently celebrated what it calls two million Obamacare “enrollments.” Yet that figure merely reflects the number of applications submitted, not the number of paying customers who have turned on their plans by actually paying for coverage. Whether insurers in the other 33 states are experiencing nonpayment rates in the 35% to 50% range is presently unknown. If those rates extended nationally, they would mean the Obama administration’s claim that it has enrolled two million people in Obamacare would plunge to just 700,000 to one million. Even progressive groups like the left-leaning journalism group ProPublica say the emergence of an Obamacare nonpayment gap raises “the prospect that actual enrollment will be far lower than the figures HHS [Health and Human Services] is releasing.” Part of the problem may be the costs of the plans offered through Obamacare. A recent USA Today analysis found that over half of all counties in the 34 states on the federal HealthCare.gov exchange “lack even a bronze plan that’s affordable by the government’s own definition.”“There is also a lot of worrying going on over people making payments,” industry consultant Robert Laszewski told ProPublica. Experts say that first-time insurance buyers may not fully understand the duties and responsibilities that come with ownership. A recent study published in the Journal of Health Economics found that only 14% of individuals who have health coverage could correctly answer all four of four basic questions about health insurance, including understanding what a “deductible” and “copay” mean. If comprehension levels are that low for those who already have insurance, analysts worry what that might mean for first-time insurance purchasers, especially for a program as complex as Obamacare.Persistence of the Obamacare nonpayment trend would pose serious challenges for the Obama administration’s ability to hit its goal of seven million paying customers by the end of March. According to the latest CNN poll, support for Obamacare is now at a record low 35%. Obamacare will cost U.S. taxpayers $2.6 trillion over the next ten years.PoliticsCNNWSJ.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Insurance company executives say they got calls from White House after speaking outA trade group leader says the Obama administration "is exerting massive pressure"A White House spokesman calls the accusation "preposterous and inaccurate"
  White House officials have pressured insurance industry executives to keep quiet amid mounting criticism over Obamacare’s rollout, insurance industry sources told CNN.

  Sebelius: ‘I apologize, I’m accountable’ for Obamacare website flaws

  After insurance officials publicly criticized the implementation, White House staffers contacted insurers to express their displeasure, industry insiders said.

  Multiple sources declined to speak publicly about the push back because they fear retribution.

  But Bob Laszewski, who heads a consulting firm for big insurance companies, did talk on the record.

  “The White House is exerting massive pressure on the industry, including the trade associations, to keep quiet,” he said.

  Laszewski, who’s been a vocal critic of Obamacare, said he’s been asked by insurance executives to speak out because they feel defenseless against an administration that is regulating their business – and a big customer. 

  Government-backed plans accounted for about half of health care policies last year, a number that is expected to grow over the years.

  White House spokesman Jay Carney said the idea that administration officials are trying to silence insurance industry insiders is “preposterous and inaccurate.” He added that Laszewski has been a vocal critic of health care reform for two decades.

  “Plus, it ignores the fact that every day insurance companies are out talking about the law  – in large part because they are trying to reach millions of new customers who will now have new affordable insurance options available from providers through the new Market Places,” Carney said.

  Obama and his top advisers have acknowledged problems with the health care website.

  On Wednesday, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius was the latest administration official to apologize for the bungled rollout. 

  Yet she and other officials continue to argue that once they are fully up and running, the insurance exchanges will benefit Americans.

  But Obama also has been accused of breaking his promise that people who like their current plans can keep them. Insurers have begun discontinuing policies that don’t meet Obamacare’s beefed up coverage requirements.

  Laszewski said insurance company officials are embarrassed that they have to cancel plans and force people into more robust, and possibly more expensive, coverage. 

  Keep your plan? Maybe not

  Insurers, he said, warned the White House that the regulations would lead to discontinued policies.

  “One of the things I think is clear here is the Obama administration has no trust in anything the health insurance industry is telling them about how to run a health plan,” Laszewski said.

  5 things we learned from Tuesday’s Obamacare hearing
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsBy Roberta Rampton WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The House Oversight and Government Reform Committee issued a subpoena on Friday to compel Todd Park, the chief technology officer at the White House, to testify at a hearing next week about what went wrong with the Obamacare website. The White House called the subpoena "unfortunate and unnecessary" and said that Park was busy fixing the website. The White House earlier had said he was willing to appear voluntarily in December. "We had hoped the committee would work with us to find an alternative date to give Todd time to focus on the immediate task at hand: getting the website fixed," said Rick Weiss, a spokesman for the White House Office of Science and Technology. "We are reviewing the subpoena and will respond as appropriate," Weiss said. Darrell Issa, the California Republican who chairs the committee, told Park that he was the only administration witness at the November 13 hearing who was "unwilling to appear voluntarily" and noted that he had taken time out to give an interview to the New York Times in early October. "Millions of Americans have lost their health insurance," Issa wrote in a letter to Park. "They deserve your sworn testimony before their elected representatives about what went wrong - not simply the media outlets that White House officials have deemed an appropriate use of your time," he said. PARK: 'NOT GOING ANYWHERE' The HealthCare.gov website, which launched October 1, was meant to be an easy way for Americans to shop for health insurance and see whether they were eligible for subsidies under President Barack Obama's signature healthcare program. But it has been plagued by myriad technical woes, and contractors and outside experts have been working around the clock to try to make it work by the end of November so that Americans have enough time to sign up for insurance before deadlines in the law. On Friday, Jeffrey Zients, the White House official charged to oversee the fixes, said the website is improving but is still "a long way from where it needs to be. A successful healthcare IT developer before joining the Obama administration, Park has been part of the scramble to repair the website. Earlier on Friday, the White House had scolded Issa for failing to justify why the hearing with Park could not be slated for December. "There will be ample time to analyze why the technology behind the website did not perform well initially, and whether there are any lessons learned for federal IT acquisition policy that Congress may want to address," said Donna Pignatelli, assistant director for legislative affairs for the Office of Science and Technology Policy in a letter to Issa. "Mr. Park is not going anywhere," Pigantelli had said. (Additional reporting By Karey Van Hall; Editing by Ken Wills)Warner Bros.' "Godzilla vs. Kong" debuted on the streaming service HBO Max simultaneously with movie theaters in the US.Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Dean Obeidallah says the administration has done a poor job of explaining ObamacareHe says the plan has many popular features, but the public doesn't fully understand itA failure to explain has left room for Republicans to distort it, he saysObeidallah: Administration has belatedly moved to tout the benefits of Obamacare
      Editor’s Note: Dean Obeidallah, a former attorney, is a political comedian and frequent commentator on various TV networks including CNN. He is the editor of the politics blog The Dean’s Report. Follow him on Twitter @deanofcomedy. 
    
  Can someone please explain to me the details of Obamacare? And when I say “someone,” I’m looking at you, President Obama – or at least members of your administration.

  I can’t fathom how Obama, one of the best orators of modern-day politics, could be such a poor advocate for what’s arguably the crowning legislative achievement of his administration. I can assure you that if there were a law named after me – such as “Obeidallahcare” or “Deanaid” – I would be crisscrossing the country explaining it so people would understand and support it. 

  Sure, most of us get the broad strokes of the Affordable Care Act commonly known as Obamacare: the individual mandate, coverage for the uninsured, children on parents’ policy until 26, carriers cannot deny you coverage or charge you more due to a pre-existing condition. But the law is close to 1,000 pages and will spur hundreds, if not thousands, of regulations. What else does the law offer, and how will Americans be able to gain access to its benefits?

  Will Obamacare help primary care?

  We hear about state health insurance exchanges going into effect in October, but in the same breath we hear that many governors won’t implement them. We hear about the individual mandate obligating everyone to buy health insurance by 2014 or face a penalty, but then we hear the Obama administration has delayed the requirement that employers with more than 50 employees be required to provide health coverage until 2015. 

  It’s remarkable that there’s such confusion surrounding a piece of legislation signed into law more than three years ago – in March 2010. And I’m far from alone on this. A poll in April found that 40% of Americans didn’t even know if Obamacare is still in effect, which translates into roughly 130 million Americans not even knowing if the law still exists, let alone understanding the details of it. 

  Even more concerning is that a recent poll of doctors found by a wide margin that they are “not at all familiar” with how certain key provisions of the law will be implemented. And astoundingly, it appears that Democratic members of Congress don’t even fully grasp how Obamacare will be put into effect. That point was made crystal clear when Democratic Sen. Max Baucus, one of the early champions of the law, recently labeled the rollout of Obamacare “a huge train wreck coming down.” In response, Obama’s chief of staff has been spending time over the past three months giving presentations to Democrats in Congress so they can better understand the law. 

  Who loses out under Obamacare?

  What’s even more surprising is that Obama has allowed the void of information from his end to be filled almost unchallenged by Republicans, who have been actively working to define the law in the worst possible terms.  Unless Obama is mimicking the rope-a-dope fighting strategy made famous by Muhammad Ali, his administration’s outreach to the public on Obamacare has been an abysmal failure.  

  The consequence of Obama ceding the battlefield can be seen in a new poll that found 54% of Americans disapprove of the law and a record-high 39% want Congress to repeal it. The poll also found just 13% of Americans say the health care law will personally “help me,” but 38% believe the law will personally “hurt me.”

  Maybe it was these poll numbers or perhaps being pushed by members of his own party, but it seems that Obama is finally aware of the public relations nightmare and possible policy failure staring him in the face. The administration has recently started organizing faith-based and community groups to help get out the word.  The federal government just launched a multimillion-dollar campaign to educate people about coverage options under Obamacare. 

  It has even secured the support of the people at the Funny or Die comedy website to produce videos with well-known comedic actors explaining Obamacare – because nothing says “comedy gold” like a law about health insurance. 

  Obama meets with celebs who want to promote Obamacare

  But why didn’t Obama utilize his great communication skills to explain this law to us sooner? Why hasn’t he traveled across the country waging something akin to his election campaign to sell his program?   

  And it’s not like Obama doesn’t see the value in taking his ideas directly to the American public to build support. Indeed, we saw Obama use this very tactic last week as he kicked off the first of a series of speeches regarding his proposals to strengthen and grow the economy. The president did mention Obamacare in that speech, pointing out that “the states that have committed themselves to making this law work are finding that competition and choice are actually pushing costs down. Just last week, New York announced that premiums for consumers who buy their insurance in these online marketplaces will be at least 50% less than what they pay today.”

  And what’s even more bizarre is that polls show strong support for many key provisions of Obamacare. The president could have (and should have) been touting these popular parts of the law for years, given that 61% of Americans favor allowing children to stay on the policy until they are 26 and 82% like the ban on insurance carriers from denying coverage for those with pre-existing conditions.  

  Could it be that Obama isn’t waging such a campaign because even he can’t explain this mammoth program in a way that will attract support? Is it possible that the president’s idealistic dream of what Obamacare was intended to be has been replaced three years later by an administrative nightmare?

  The real reason why the Obama administration has remained largely invisible as Republicans have pummeled Obamacare may never truly be known. But it’s clear that Obamacare needs a massive infusion of PR care if it is going to succeed.

  Watch: Two sides of Obamacare

  Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.

  Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion. 

  The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.AdvertisementSupported byNews AnalysisBy Michael D. ShearWASHINGTON — Barack Obama won the presidency by exploiting a political environment that devoured George W. Bush in a second term plagued by sinking credibility, failed legislative battles, fractured world relations and revolts inside his own party. President Obama is now threatened by a similar toxic mix. The disastrous rollout of his health care law not only threatens the rest of his agenda but also raises questions about his competence in the same way that the Bush administration’s botched response to Hurricane Katrina undermined any semblance of Republican efficiency. But unlike Mr. Bush, who faced confrontational but occasionally cooperative Democrats, Mr. Obama is battling a Republican opposition that has refused to open the door to any legislative fixes to the health care law and has blocked him at virtually every turn. A contrite-sounding Mr. Obama repeatedly blamed himself on Thursday for the failed health care rollout, which he acknowledged had thrust difficult burdens on his political allies and hurt Americans’ trust in him.“It’s legitimate for them to expect me to have to win back some credibility on this health care law in particular and on a whole range of these issues in general,” Mr. Obama said. The president did not admit to misleading people about whether they could keep their insurance, but again expressed regret that his assurances turned out to be wrong. “To those Americans, I hear you loud and clear,” Mr. Obama said as he announced changes intended to allow some people to keep their insurance.But earning back the confidence of Americans, as he pledged to do, will require Mr. Obama to right more than just the health care law. At home, his immigration overhaul is headed for indefinite delay, and new budget and debt fights loom. Overseas, revelations of spying by the National Security Agency have infuriated American allies, and negotiations over Iran’s nuclear arsenal have set off bipartisan criticism.For the first time in Mr. Obama’s presidency, surveys suggest that his reserve of good will among the public is running dry. Two polls in recent weeks have reported that a majority of Americans no longer trust the president or believe that he is being honest with them.“When you start losing the trust and confidence, not only of Congress, but the American people, that makes it even more difficult,” said Senator Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia. “You can work yourself out. But you have to be sincere, and you have to be honest.”The difficulties have put Mr. Obama on the defensive at exactly the moment he might have seized political advantage in a dysfunctional Washington. If not for the health care disaster, the two-week shutdown of the government last month would have been an opportunity for Mr. Obama to sharpen the contrast with Republicans. Democratic lawmakers expressed growing frustration on Thursday with the opportunities the party had missed to hammer home the ideological differences between the two parties. The lawmakers say there is intensifying anxiety within the Democratic caucus that the poor execution of the health care law could bleed into their 2014 re-election campaigns.Republicans readily made the Hurricane Katrina comparison. “The echoes to the fall of 2005 are really eerie,” said Peter D. Feaver, a top national security official in Mr. Bush’s second term. “Katrina, which is shorthand for bungled administration policy, matches to the rollout of the website.” Looking back, he said, “we can see that some of the things that we hoped were temporary or just blips turned out to be more systemic from a political sense. It’s a fair question of whether that’s happening to President Obama.”The president’s top aides vehemently reject the comparison of Mr. Obama’s fifth year in office to the latter half of Mr. Bush’s second term. They say Americans lost confidence in Mr. Bush because of his administration’s ineptitude on Hurricane Katrina and its execution of the war in Iraq, while Mr. Obama is struggling to extend health care to millions of people who do not have it. Those are very different issues, they said.“I’m always very leery of these apocalyptic predictions,” said David Axelrod, a former senior adviser to Mr. Obama.Senior White House officials are nonetheless in crisis mode over the failure so far of what was supposed to be the president’s most significant legislative achievement. “We get that it is a big deal for him, for the law, for the Democrats who voted for him,” said Jennifer Palmieri, the White House communications director. “We are taking it deathly seriously.”Some Democrats are warning their colleagues against a rush to count Mr. Obama out prematurely. Steve Elmendorf, who was an influential Democratic aide on Capitol Hill in President Bill Clinton’s second term, insisted that Mr. Obama would recover and thrive, much as Mr. Clinton did.That message was echoed in a memo that Representative Steve Israel, Democrat of New York, distributed to his colleagues during a caucus meeting on Wednesday. In the memo, Mr. Israel, who is the head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, said coming clashes with Republicans over the budget and the debt would once again play to the strengths of Democratic candidates.In an interview, Mr. Israel said that he was confident that the administration would be able to put Mr. Obama’s current troubles behind it. “The website will get fixed,” Mr. Israel said. “The issue with insurance policies has been addressed.”Still, the president’s own words on Thursday betrayed a realization inside the White House that for all his travails over the last five years, this situation could be different. Never before has Mr. Obama been as hard on himself and his staff in describing failures of both policy and politics. He repeatedly apologized and said that the criticism of the health care rollout was more justified than criticism of him in the past.“There were times I thought we got slapped around unjustly,” the president said. “This one is deserved. It’s on us.”But speaking to steelworkers later in the day in Cleveland, Mr. Obama was combative. “We are not going to gut this law,” he said, adding that to “those who say they are opposed to it and can’t offer a solution, we’ll push back.”AdvertisementDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    She's a Hollywood A-lister for a reason.LOS ANGELES – In the heady days after the October 1 launch of the Affordable Care Act -- better known as ObamaCare -- Lady Gaga, Amy Poehler, Nina Dobrev, Rosario Dawson, Sarah Silverman, Olivia Wilde, Alicia Keys, Jennifer Hudson, Pearl Jam, Lance Bass, John Legend, Alyssa Milano and Kerry Washington joined the President to encourage Americans to #getcovered.Since then, technical glitches and website snafus have so marred the ObamaCare website that the team who built it has been called to testify before Congress on Thursday. But there will be no celebrities flanking them on Capitol Hill, as the stars that helped launch the initiative are now being advised to walk away.One well-placed Hollywood agent told FOX411 that while Obama and ObamaCare are separate issues, and that you can support one without the other, public relations teams across the industry are cautioning their clients to now lay off the latter. Even Oprah Winfrey, one of the President’s most influential mouthpieces during his first election, reportedly refused to get on-board and lend a hand.“Hollywood has gone from pushing #getcovered to heading for cover,” Dan Gainor, VP of Business and Culture at the Media Research Center told FOX411. “Stars like Lady Gaga and Sarah Silverman pushed their ObamaCare propaganda to more than 67 million fans on social media. But don’t expect them to be honest about the situation.”Georgia attorney Patrick Millsaps, who served as chief of staff of Newt Gingrich’s 2012 presidential campaign and manages several Hollywood names, said celebrities, like most public figures, know where to draw the line.“They are starting to realize they too were sold a bill of goods and aren’t going to be accomplices in a continued fraud,” he said. “This is an easy decision for a manager – you can’t let your client promote a crappy product.”“Many of my Hollywood friends still believe in this guy,” Millsaps added. “But I think their faith is being tested.”Publicist Ronn Torossian of 5WPR agreed. “When things go wrong, naturally celebrities won’t want to be outspoken. But don’t expect them to be quiet for long,” he said. “They will stand up again as soon as President Obama asks them to.”Enter Scarlett Johansson. One of President Obama’s best celebrity friends (she revealed during his campaign that the two were text buddies), Johansson has lent her voice to a Planned Parenthood message that’s played when calls are placed to some of their health centers. “Did you know you may be able to enroll in new, more affordable health insurance plans?” Johansson asks before directing callers to a Planned Parenthood section on the new Affordable Care Act website.Whether callers can get through to that web address is, obviously, another issue.
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      PoliticsCongressIndependent.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartOf course Republicans want to compare Obamacare to Katrina. After first denying that Katrina was a political disaster for them, they switched gears to trying to use it for political advantage against Democrats, and have been looking for something they can stick with the name "Obama's Katrina" for years. Previous "Obama's Katrina" attempts have included the Haiti earthquake, Benghazi and the IRS, Hurricane Sandy, the BP oil spill, and at least half a dozen other things. It's a knee-jerk reaction by now—for Republicans. New York Times reporters shouldn't participate in it. It's not like there aren't ways to say "the Obama administration screwed up" without invoking a generation-shaping disaster, after all.We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartOn Dec. 19, the president declared a change to the Individual Mandate, a provision that led to the first lawsuit in American history where a majority of the states in this nation (26 out of 50) sued the federal government over the constitutionality of a federal law, resulting in a historic Supreme Court decision that conservative lawyers and scholars roundly condemn insofar as it upheld the Individual Mandate as a massive tax by a 5-4 vote.The Obama administration’s disastrous rollout of Obamacare has been a textbook illustration of the manifest incompetence of government to run the American healthcare system, from the humiliating website difficulties to the eye-popping costs of skyrocketing monthly insurance premiums and deductibles. The White House explains that it would be unfair under these circumstances to penalize Americans who attempt to obtain insurance through the Obamacare exchanges but are unable to do so.Therefore the president has declared a “hardship exemption” for Americans encountering those difficulties. There will be a grace period for at least part of 2014. The White House has not specified a firm date of when this exemption will definitely end, or how they will be able to distinguish with certainty people who earnestly tried to obtain insurance versus those who are gaming the system.But this exemption, like those that came before it, is illegal. The language of ACA’s Section 1501 is to impose a truly-mandatory Individual Mandate. Conservatives insist that even if all the provisions in the ACA are applied, the system will not work financially. But even liberals admit that if the Individual Mandate is not in force, then you do not bring in enough revenue from young, healthy adults to pay for the staggering cost of the massive new entitlements and programs that the ACA creates. Without the Individual Mandate, you get a “death spiral” of growing deficits that will render health insurance companies insolvent and deprive healthcare providers of payment for their life-saving treatments.In Section 1513 of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), the Employer Mandate (the requirement for companies employing 50+ people) specifies that this requirement for employers to offer insurance goes into effect Jan. 1, 2014. When Obama announced over the summer that he was suspending that requirement until 2015, he said he has the power to “tweak” a law so long as that tweaking “doesn’t go to the essence of the law.”That’s dead wrong under the U.S. Constitution. Ironically, it would not apply here anyway, since some of these provisions like the Individual Mandate and the Employer Mandate are two of the most important provisions of the entire ACA and are essential to the ACA’s core operations. However, even if they were insignificant provisions, the Constitution does not permit a president to change a single semicolon of a federal law by himself. Under Article I of the Constitution, every law must either pass the House, the Senate, and be signed by the president, or if the president vetoes the bill instead of signing it, then it must pass the House and Senate a second time, by a two-thirds super-majority vote in each chamber. That is the only process by which federal law can be made. Everything else is illegal. Many laws authorize top administrative officials to develop regulations carrying the force of law to implement some provision in the law. Other laws contain provisions that empower executive-branch officials to suspend or modify certain legal requirements, usually for a fixed period of time and only after certain conditions are met, such as completing a study that discovers facts that are relevant to the law’s operations. This power is delegated by the terms of the statute, where the federal law-making body–Congress–votes to include such an option in a law. That is not the case with these parts of Obamacare. The changes in the law that President Obama has announced, such as telling insurers in Nov. 2013 that they could continue offering canceled policies, have been unilateral changes to mandatory terms in the federal law passed by Congress. These are provisions where Congress did not allow Obama or any of his Cabinet secretaries any discretion or options. They are requirements that bind the government and the private sector.So not only is Obamacare bad policy, but now another aspect of this program is illegal.Ken Klukowski is senior legal analyst for Breitbart News and represented Members of Congress at the Supreme Court in Obamacare litigation. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.PoliticsCongressWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartOn Thursday, President Barack Obama said of his health care law: “Despite all the evidence that the law is working the way it’s supposed to,” there are critics out there. He says they must be doing it for purely political reasons. That sound you hear is the fire alarm going off in the White House. Shortly after the Affordable Care Act (ACA, or Obamacare) was signed into law on Mar. 23, 2010, the administration announced that the massive Title VIII of the law–the CLASS Act that would set up a national system of elderly case–would never be implemented, because the Obama administration cannot find any way either to implement the system or to pay for it. Over the past three years, the Obama administration has been issuing “waivers” for various ACA requirements regarding how much companies must pay out in health care benefits to employees, because many low-wage employers like McDonald’s couldn’t meet those requirements, and would have to cancel all health care benefits for those employees. (It should also be noted that the “waivers” are unlawful, because the ACA imposes that requirement on employers and does not allow the government to waive them.) A year ago, the Supreme Court struck down as a violation of the Tenth Amendment the mandatory expansion of Medicaid in all 50 states, making it entirely optional. The White House started scrambling when half the states in the nation refused to go along with this unaffordable and unmanageable expansion of government health care. Also a year ago, the IRS issued a new regulation saying that the massive subsidies that taxpayers would have to pay on health care policies purchased from state-run government exchanges in all 50 states would also apply to policies purchased on an exchange run by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, because it became clear that many states would not participate in that government-run model either. (In fact, 34 states have refused to set up exchanges, and the IRS’s regulation is being challenged in court as illegal.) Then two weeks ago, the Treasury Department announced that for the first year it is in effect (2014), the IRS would not enforce the Employer Mandate requiring large employers to provide healthcare to employees. The system was ready to implode and deprive millions of Americans of both health care and work hours (forcing many employers to cut hours to 29/week for full-time employees), and the IRS could not develop an effective reporting or enforcement system. (Like the “waivers” above, this too is illegal.) And just this week, HHS announced that the massive state exchange system may be put off a year as well. It was supposed to start on Oct. 1, 2013, and is having so many severe problems that it too cannot start when the ACA says it must. Yet with all that, Obama says that the ACA is working great, and those who deny it must have sinister political motives. (Set aside the fact that now some of the ACA’s biggest critics are major unions like AFL-CIO and the Teamsters, normally Obama’s biggest allies and without whose zealous support the ACA would never have passed Congress.)It’s like George Orwell’s 1984. The government literally could say 2+2=5, and no one would call them on it. If a conservative leader said such things, the media would call for his head. But when a liberal does it, they ignore it. (Or if you’re MSNBC, you applaud his “courage” and might offer him a TV show to anchor.)If any private citizen said such things, we’d have a one-word label for him: “liar.” But most people in this country rightly show great respect for the institution of the presidency that we don’t use such terms (unless they’re committed liberals and the president happens to be a conservative Republican–in which case you can call him anything you want). Instead, we say he’s “got his facts wrong” or he’s using “fuzzy math,” or some other such softer statement. So using such a word would be disrespectful, and we won’t do it here. But if the smoke detectors go off at the White House, there’s no need to call the fire department. The smoke is because President Obama’s pants are on fire.  Breitbart News legal columnist Ken Klukowski is senior fellow for religious liberty at the Family Research Council and on faculty at Liberty University School of Law.  PoliticsSupreme CourtUnionsWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartThe dome of the U.S. Capitol is reflected on the first day of the 113th Congress in Washington January 3, 2013. In the wake of bruising fights in their own ranks over the "fiscal cliff" and aid for victims of superstorm Sandy - Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives open a new Congress on Thursday more divided than ever. REUTERS/Kevin LamarqueSenator Mark Kirk (R-IL) walks with Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV) as Senator Dick Durbin (D-IL) and U.S. Vice President Joe Biden watch on his return to the U.S. Senate on Capitol Hill in Washington January 3, 2013. Kirk returned to the Senate after suffering a major stroke nearly a year ago. REUTERS/Joshua RobertsSpeaker of the House John Boehner bangs the gavel during the first day of the 113th Congress at the Capitol in Washington January 3, 2013. Despite a rocky few weeks during the "fiscal cliff" fight, Boehner won re-election as speaker of the House of Representatives on Thursday and will lead Republicans as they take on the White House over federal spending. Boehner beat Democratic Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi by 220-192 in the speakership vote on the first day of a new Congress. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque"I interviewed Chuck Hagel in July. Had no real sense that he would be top contender for SecDef job." - James Ledbetter (@ledbetreuters) "The President reacts as John Brennan briefs him on the details of the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn. The President later said during a TV interview that this was the worst day of his Presidency." (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)MOSCOW (Reuters) -Jailed Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny has been moved to a sick ward with symptoms of a respiratory illness and has been tested for the coronavirus, the Izvestia newspaper reported on Monday, after he said he had a high temperature and cough.Reuters, the news and media division of Thomson Reuters, is the world’s largest multimedia news provider, reaching billions of people worldwide every day. Reuters provides business, financial, national and international news to professionals via desktop terminals, the world's media organizations, industry events and directly to consumers. All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.The feds will spend just about $10,000 subsidizing health insurance costs for a poor, middle-aged man who lives in Georgia - and just $3,000 buying the same guy in nearby Tennessee a near-identical plan.This is the weird world of financing the Affordable Care Act, where the prices that the insurers charge for health care directly impact how much Obamacare will cost the federal government.John Graves, a researcher at Vanderbilt University, has spent some time toying around with data on premium rates across the country. The federal government has made this data accessible through the HealthCare.gov site. It will show you the premiums for a moderate level plan for each county in the 35 states where the federal government is running the marketplace.The health law guarantees that, up to 400 percent of poverty level, shoppers on the marketplace won't have to spend more than a certain percent of their income on insurance premiums. The higher you get up the income scale, the larger chunk of your income your expected to kick in.Someone who earns 100 percent of the poverty line (right now, $11,490 for an individual) is only expected to spend 2 percent of his or her income on health coverage, or $19 for a monthly premium. If the insurance plan charges more than that - and there's a good chance it does - the federal government has to kick in the difference.In a state like Wyoming, for example, the cost of a medium level plan (or, for the wonks, the second-lowest cost silver-level plan) is $743 per month. Since the enrollee is only putting up $19 per month, that leaves the federal government footing a bill of $724 per month or $8,688 annually.It's not totally clear why certain pockets of the country - Southern Georgia, for example, or the whole state of Wyoming - ended up with significantly higher premium costs than the rest of the country. Graves thinks that some of it has to do with this being the first year of insurers bidding on the new marketplaces, and having to do a bit of guesswork on what premiums ought to be.In Wyoming and Georgia, where there are only two plans selling on the marketplace, those guesses came back especially high."To some extent, this might reflect the way they're going out of their current population to figure out who the exchange enrollees are going to be," Graves says. "The fact that this process was so blind, that they've never dealt with an insurance expansion this side and don't know what other insurers in the state are going to do, that leads to guess work."The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyA veteran Washington adviser who has worked for four Presidents on both sides of the political aisle said that the stunning Government Accountability Report  that found President Barack Obama has not had a one-on-one meeting with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius since the passage of Obamacare over three years ago is an indictment of the entire White House operation and shows that the Obama administration has bordered on “malfeasance.” “I have no doubt the White House is right, that Secretary Sebelius was in several group meetings with the president about health care,” Gergen caveated, “but the whole point is, there was nobody in charge in the administration.”Appearing on CNN’s Newsroom program Saturday night was David Gergen, a known Washington “fixer.” Some veteran Washington observers have even suggested that Obama should bring Gergen in to help manage the Obamacare rollout crisis. He was asked by CNN Anchor Deborah Feyerick about the GAI report. Feyerick cited a report from “an outfit called the Government Accountability Institute [that] finds the president and HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius held just a single one-on-one meeting after Obamacare was signed into law over three years ago.” “I don’t think this is simply sloppiness on the part of the White House,” Gergen said. “What seems to me is there’s a case of near malfeasance here.”Gergen, who has served as Director of Speechwriting for the Nixon White House, Director of Communications for both Presidents Ford and Reagan, and then as a senior advisor to President Bill Clinton, is intimately familiar with how the White House operates. In addition, he normally takes a “neutral” position on most matters and often gives those in power the benefit of doubt.But Gergen emphasized that the GAI report concerning the lack of meetings between Sebelius and Obama raises troubling issues about the conduct of affairs in the Obama White House.Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large and Government Accountability Institute President Peter Schweizer unveiled the report on Wednesday on Fox News’s Hannity and Breitbart News. As Breitbart News has reported, Schweizer said there was no evidence on the White House schedule that showed Obama cared about Obamacare.“In the case of President Obama, if you look at his calendar, there is no evidence whatsoever that he is focused or has much interest in health care at all,” Schweizer said on Hannity.Feyerick, the CNN host, added that the White House had attacked the report, “Jay Carney [is] saying that the report’s misleading and based on a ridiculously false premise, those are his words David Gergen, what do you think about this?”Gergen responded by saying the GAI report was a big deal and should not be dismissed. On Friday, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Obama and Sebelius meet “regularly” but their meetings were not recored on the visitors logs. Schweizer had previously noted that GAI also looked at White House visitor logs and found that whenever Sebelius went to the White House, it was for social functions with “dozens or hundreds of people.” And he noted on Hannity that if Obama met with Sebelius and left the meeting off the books, Sebelius would be the only cabinet secretary whose meetings with the White House were concealed.Gergen faulted the White House for this lack of contact and condemned the whole White House operation. “The fact that he was not meeting with her one-on-one, I think, frankly, is not so much an indictment of her but of the White House operation,” he said. Gergen said that “at the same time three years pass with no one-on-one meetings according to this Politico article. The president had 277 one-on-one meetings with other members of his cabinet.” Gergen referenced Schweizer’s Politico article in which he mentioned that, “perhaps the insular White House team wanted to distance the president from the bureaucratic process in the hopes of granting him a halo of deniability if the launch failed.” Schweizer also noted “the lack of meetings reinforces the severity of what the New York Times describes as the ‘deeply dysfunctional relationship between the Department of Health and Human Services and its technology contractors, and tensions between the White House chief of staff and senior health department officials.'”Feyerick, the CNN host, added, that if health care reform “was so important to the president, you would think that there was a lot more one-on-one interaction especially on something that’s so critical to him and his policy.” Princeton Professor Julian Zelizer, who was also on the panel, did not respond directly to the details of the GAI report, only to say that “we have to be careful because as the White House said, that [report] does come from a conservative organization.”  The Government Accountability Institute, though, is a nonpartisan organization and its mission is to “investigate and expose crony capitalism, misuse of taxpayer monies and other governmental corruption or malfeasance.” GAI, headed by Schweizer, has written several reports in recent years and has been criticized by both the Obama White House and House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH). PoliticsCNNGAIWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byNews AnalysisBy Michael D. ShearWASHINGTON — Barack Obama won the presidency by exploiting a political environment that devoured George W. Bush in a second term plagued by sinking credibility, failed legislative battles, fractured world relations and revolts inside his own party. President Obama is now threatened by a similar toxic mix. The disastrous rollout of his health care law not only threatens the rest of his agenda but also raises questions about his competence in the same way that the Bush administration’s botched response to Hurricane Katrina undermined any semblance of Republican efficiency. But unlike Mr. Bush, who faced confrontational but occasionally cooperative Democrats, Mr. Obama is battling a Republican opposition that has refused to open the door to any legislative fixes to the health care law and has blocked him at virtually every turn. A contrite-sounding Mr. Obama repeatedly blamed himself on Thursday for the failed health care rollout, which he acknowledged had thrust difficult burdens on his political allies and hurt Americans’ trust in him.“It’s legitimate for them to expect me to have to win back some credibility on this health care law in particular and on a whole range of these issues in general,” Mr. Obama said. The president did not admit to misleading people about whether they could keep their insurance, but again expressed regret that his assurances turned out to be wrong. “To those Americans, I hear you loud and clear,” Mr. Obama said as he announced changes intended to allow some people to keep their insurance.But earning back the confidence of Americans, as he pledged to do, will require Mr. Obama to right more than just the health care law. At home, his immigration overhaul is headed for indefinite delay, and new budget and debt fights loom. Overseas, revelations of spying by the National Security Agency have infuriated American allies, and negotiations over Iran’s nuclear arsenal have set off bipartisan criticism.For the first time in Mr. Obama’s presidency, surveys suggest that his reserve of good will among the public is running dry. Two polls in recent weeks have reported that a majority of Americans no longer trust the president or believe that he is being honest with them.“When you start losing the trust and confidence, not only of Congress, but the American people, that makes it even more difficult,” said Senator Joe Manchin III, Democrat of West Virginia. “You can work yourself out. But you have to be sincere, and you have to be honest.”The difficulties have put Mr. Obama on the defensive at exactly the moment he might have seized political advantage in a dysfunctional Washington. If not for the health care disaster, the two-week shutdown of the government last month would have been an opportunity for Mr. Obama to sharpen the contrast with Republicans. Democratic lawmakers expressed growing frustration on Thursday with the opportunities the party had missed to hammer home the ideological differences between the two parties. The lawmakers say there is intensifying anxiety within the Democratic caucus that the poor execution of the health care law could bleed into their 2014 re-election campaigns.Republicans readily made the Hurricane Katrina comparison. “The echoes to the fall of 2005 are really eerie,” said Peter D. Feaver, a top national security official in Mr. Bush’s second term. “Katrina, which is shorthand for bungled administration policy, matches to the rollout of the website.” Looking back, he said, “we can see that some of the things that we hoped were temporary or just blips turned out to be more systemic from a political sense. It’s a fair question of whether that’s happening to President Obama.”The president’s top aides vehemently reject the comparison of Mr. Obama’s fifth year in office to the latter half of Mr. Bush’s second term. They say Americans lost confidence in Mr. Bush because of his administration’s ineptitude on Hurricane Katrina and its execution of the war in Iraq, while Mr. Obama is struggling to extend health care to millions of people who do not have it. Those are very different issues, they said.“I’m always very leery of these apocalyptic predictions,” said David Axelrod, a former senior adviser to Mr. Obama.Senior White House officials are nonetheless in crisis mode over the failure so far of what was supposed to be the president’s most significant legislative achievement. “We get that it is a big deal for him, for the law, for the Democrats who voted for him,” said Jennifer Palmieri, the White House communications director. “We are taking it deathly seriously.”Some Democrats are warning their colleagues against a rush to count Mr. Obama out prematurely. Steve Elmendorf, who was an influential Democratic aide on Capitol Hill in President Bill Clinton’s second term, insisted that Mr. Obama would recover and thrive, much as Mr. Clinton did.That message was echoed in a memo that Representative Steve Israel, Democrat of New York, distributed to his colleagues during a caucus meeting on Wednesday. In the memo, Mr. Israel, who is the head of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, said coming clashes with Republicans over the budget and the debt would once again play to the strengths of Democratic candidates.In an interview, Mr. Israel said that he was confident that the administration would be able to put Mr. Obama’s current troubles behind it. “The website will get fixed,” Mr. Israel said. “The issue with insurance policies has been addressed.”Still, the president’s own words on Thursday betrayed a realization inside the White House that for all his travails over the last five years, this situation could be different. Never before has Mr. Obama been as hard on himself and his staff in describing failures of both policy and politics. He repeatedly apologized and said that the criticism of the health care rollout was more justified than criticism of him in the past.“There were times I thought we got slapped around unjustly,” the president said. “This one is deserved. It’s on us.”But speaking to steelworkers later in the day in Cleveland, Mr. Obama was combative. “We are not going to gut this law,” he said, adding that to “those who say they are opposed to it and can’t offer a solution, we’ll push back.”AdvertisementDo Not Sell These are some of the reasons why CNNMoney readers say they'll opt to pay a penalty for not having health insurance in 2014, rather than sign up for a policy in the state-based exchanges or through their companies.  "I would love to have insurance, but we just don't have the money," said Sandra Czop, 58, of Bloomingdale, Ill. "We need that $100 to put food on the table. We have no money to put gas in the car."  Czop, a mortgage loan officer whose business is down 60% and whose husband is unemployed, summed up the sentiments of many readers. Though subsidies are available to those earning less than 400% of the poverty level, the premiums are still too high for many Americans.  Have questions on Obamacare? Join our Facebook chat on Friday.  For 2014, the penalty is either $95 per adult or 1% of family income, whichever results in a larger fine. (Income is defined as total income above the filing threshold, which is $10,000 for an individual and $20,000 for a family in 2013.) That's still a lot less than premiums, which are generally $200 to $300 a month on average for a silver plan.  So a person making $50,000 would not be eligible for a subsidy and would pay full price -- typically around $2,400 to $3,600 a year in premiums -- for a plan. If he declined to get insurance, he would only be subject to a $400 penalty for the year.  A couple earning that amount would receive a roughly $1,300 subsidy, leaving them to pay about $4,750 in premiums for the year. But that compares to a $300 penalty.  For some folks, health insurance just isn't a good deal. Take Jessica Birge, 29, who is studying nursing and works as a medical assistant. Her job gives her $100 a month for medical expenses, though she does have dental and vision coverage through her employer. But she doesn't have a lot of medical expenses since she rarely goes to the doctor, opting instead to go to a local clinic for her annual exams.  Though she knows she needs insurance in case she gets into an accident, she doesn't think Obamacare is very affordable.  "I don't really want to pay a penalty, but it's more economical for me to pay $300 a year [in fines] than $200 to $300 a month for insurance I don't use," said Birge, acknowledging she may get insurance in several years, when the penalties get more onerous.  Some people are opting to remain uninsured, even though they have access to coverage on the job. Since they don't go to the doctor much, they just prefer to pay for their health care out of pocket.  Christie Egeston, 35, could get insurance at her lab job, but instead she puts money into the flexible spending account at work to cover her yearly checkup.  "I don't really feel I need health insurance," said Egeston, who lives in Avondale Estates, Ga. "If the penalty is less than what I'm paying for the year in insurance, it balances out."  And, of course, there are people who will not sign up for Obamacare because they fundamentally oppose the idea of a health insurance requirement. That's the camp Jim Moore of Denver falls into.  "I'm just so opposed to the legislation and Obama's big government agenda," said Moore, 62, a contract certified public accountant. "There's no way I'm giving my health care records to the government. I and many people need to make a statement." 
        Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2019 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc.2019. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2019 and/or its affiliates.
        © 2020 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.
        
        CNN Sans™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    'Happening Now' panel weighs inThe health official who oversaw the problem-plagued launch of the federal ObamaCare website is retiring.The Obama administration confirmed Monday that Michelle Snyder, the No. 2 official at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, is leaving her post. The departure was announced by CMS Administrator Marilyn Tavenner.Though Republicans, and some Democrats, have been calling for heads to roll over the botched launch of the program, and particularly HealthCare.gov, it's unclear whether Snyder's resignation at this point was already planned.Tavenner claimed that Snyder originally was preparing to leave a year ago but "characteristically chose to postpone her retirement from federal service at my request to help me with the challenges facing CMS in 2013."The statement from Tavenner included no criticism of Snyder's performance over the past year. She praised her "41 years of outstanding public service."Tavenner added: "While the agency is losing a key member of its leadership team, we should celebrate Michelle's dedication to a mission that provides vital health care services to tens of millions of our fellow Americans through the Medicare and Medicaid programs."While Snyder is not a well-known official, her name surfaced in connection with the botched rollout during an Oct. 30 hearing. At the time, Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius revealed that Snyder -- as chief operating officer -- was in charge of the launch. But then, under questioning from Rep. Marsha Blackburn, R-Tenn., Sebelius tried to shoulder the blame."Michelle Snyder is the one responsible for this debacle?" Blackburn asked."Well, excuse me, Congresswoman," Sebelius answered. "Michelle Snyder is not responsible for the debacle. Hold me accountable for the debacle. I'm responsible."Despite widespread technical problems and meager enrollment at the outset, the administration announced that the number of enrollees through the health care site has surpassed 1 million. The administration still has a long way to go to reach its target of, along with state-based exchanges, 7 million by the end of March.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      On Fox News’s Hannity, host Sean Hannity referenced the shocking Government Accountability Institute report when asking Lee whether he knew if Sebelius has met with Obama in one-on-one meetings. “Not to my knowledge,” Lee answered, before saying, “this is inexcusable” and “absolutely unpardonable.” Lee, who was the architect of the strategy to defund Obamacare and one of the fiercest opponents of the healthcare overhaul, continued by saying “there was this little oversight in the launching of this significant an enterprise” and Obamacare is “so much more than about the website.” Lee said ultimately Obamacare is about the “fundamental unfairness and unworkability of the law.”At a House subcommittee hearing on Wednesday, Sebelius was flustered when asked to give specific evidence that she and Obama have met “regularly.” Rep. Phil Gingrey (R-GA), who is on the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Health, exclusively told Breitbart News that he will ask Sebelius for specific dates of those alleged meetings. The White House and the Health and Human Services Department have claimed Obama and Sebelius meet “regularly,” but have not provided any firm dates except for an alleged meeting last Thursday, which was a day after the GAI report was released. White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said there are many meetings between Obama and cabinet secretaries that are not on the public record. When Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large and Government Accountability Institute President Peter Schweizer broke the GAI report on Fox News’s Hannity last Wednesday, though, he mentioned that GAI examined the White House visitor logs and found that whenever Sebelius went to the White House, it was for social functions with “dozens or hundreds of people.” He noted on Hannity that if Obama met with Sebelius and left the meetings off the books, Sebelius would be the only cabinet secretary whose meetings with the White House were concealed.The Government Accountability Institute report found that since Obamacare was signed into law on March 23, 2010, Obama met with “various Cabinet secretaries a total of 277 times,” but his presidential schedule did not “document a single one-on-one meeting” with Sebelius. There was “one instance of Secretary Sebelius meeting jointly with the President and Secretary of the Treasury Timothy Geithner.”According to the White House schedule, Obama “met with secretaries from the Departments of Defense, State, and Treasury for 263 (95%) out of his 277 face-to-face meetings.” Obama also had meetings with “secretaries from the Departments of Agriculture, Education, Justice, Energy, Homeland Security, Interior, Labor, Health and Human Services, Veterans Affairs… [including] two meetings with the Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus (not an official Cabinet level post).”Schweizer had previously said there was no evidence on the White House schedule that showed Obama cared about Obamacare.“In the case of President Obama, if you look at his calendar, there is no evidence whatsoever that he is focused or has much interest in health care at all,” Schweizer said on Hannity on Wednesday.PoliticsGAIMike LeeWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartBy Roberta Rampton and David Morgan WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama, who has portrayed himself as surprised by technical problems with the government's new health care website, was briefed last spring on a detailed consultant's report that warned of system failure, White House spokesman Jay Carney said on Tuesday. Carney said the president's familiarity with the report and recommendations by McKinsey & Co did not contradict previous statements from the White House that described Obama as surprised by the scope of flaws in HealthCare.gov since it opened for people to enroll for insurance coverage on October 1. Obama was told the problems identified by McKinsey were being addressed, Carney said. After reeling from technical problems at its website for more than six weeks, the Obama administration on Tuesday also said that it is still months away from completing the back end of the system, including functions needed to finalize federal subsidies for consumers who buy health plans. Administration officials said the complicated information technology system's financial management function would not be completed until mid-January, weeks after the first enrollees are scheduled to begin receiving benefits under the Affordable Care Act, passed in 2010 as Obama's signature domestic policy. Julie Bataille, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), played down the January timeframe, saying the financial management functions are not among the high priority fixes aimed at ensuring a smooth operation for consumers to shop, enroll in coverage and make their first month's premium payment. But the ability of the administration to deliver federal premium tax credits as partial premium payments for qualifying consumers is a vital segment of the function of the new online marketplace. Also not due until January are functions involving risk adjustments for insurers and the monthly reconciliation of enrollment data. The McKinsey report, released Monday night by a Republican-controlled House of Representatives committee, is the most detailed analysis made public to date of the difficulties the site was facing late in its development. It warned the government of the potential for system failure that could make the health care exchanges inaccessible to consumers trying to buy insurance through them, suggesting that there was not enough time before October to make all the repairs. Release of the report by the Republican chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee was part of a broad effort by Republicans to discredit the health care program and to portray the Obama administration as incompetent in implementing the health care law. DEMOCRATS JOINING CRITICISM Democrats are increasingly joining the chorus of criticism. Representative Elijah Cummings, a senior Democrat and ally of Obama, called on Tuesday for a White House shakeup over the handling of the rollout of the healthcare law, commonly called Obamacare. The website is an online exchange that allows consumers to shop for coverage under the law, which mandated that Americans have health insurance and created new marketplaces to buy and sell policies. In a separate House hearing, Republicans portrayed the website as not only broken but not secure for personal information of consumers. Three security experts testified that HealthCare.gov was so insecure for consumers that they believed it should be shut down until fixed. Obama administration officials responded that the site was safe. The rollout of Obama's signature domestic policy has hurt the popularity of the initiative, but the decline has been fairly modest, a Reuters/Ipsos poll showed on Monday. Forty-one percent of Americans expressed support for Obamacare in a survey conducted from Thursday to Monday. That was down 3 percentage points from a Reuters/Ipsos poll taken from September 27 to October 1. Opposition to the healthcare law stood at 59 percent in the latest poll, versus 56 percent in the earlier survey. (Additional reporting by Caren Bohan; Editing by Fred Barbash and Grant McCool)Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Carlton Davis tweeted a word used as an anti-Asian slur. He said it has a different meaning in South Florida."Our focus is not on the politics of it. It's on the policy," the Apple CEO said in a new interview.The high court said Google did nothing wrong in copying code to develop the Android operating system now used on most smartphones.  To create Android, which was released in 2007, Google wrote millions of lines of new computer code.  It also used about 11,500 lines of code copyrighted as part of Oracle's Java platform.A fake Kaitlin Bennett quote is spreading in the form of an altered image. Image forensics suggests someone altered an image to create the fake quote.Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemJane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.By Steve Holland and Roberta Rampton WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama promised on Saturday that his troubled healthcare website was just weeks away from a cure as he struggled to convince Americans he is on top of what has become a self-inflicted wound to his signature first-term achievement. His administration unveiled a plan on Friday to make Obamacare insurance marketplaces on healthcare.gov - a website riddled with error messages, long delays and bugs - work better by the end of November. It was the end to an embarrassing week where Obama discovered he had overshot on an Oct 1. promise of a website that would make shopping for health insurance as easy as buying "a plane ticket on Kayak or a TV on Amazon." "As you may have heard, the site isn't working the way it's supposed to yet," Obama said in his weekly Saturday address - an understatement after days of reports of people being shut out of the system. "In the coming weeks, we are going to get it working as smoothly as it's supposed to," he added. Obama had stood firm against Republican attempts to defund or delay the healthcare law, known popularly as Obamacare - efforts that led to a 16-day government shutdown this month. He and his top officials had warned publicly before October 1 that there could be "glitches," but the White House has been scrambling to control the damage from a rollout that was far worse than expected. The depth of the design flaws has raised questions about why the Obama administration was so insistent on starting the enrollments on October 1 when the system was clearly not ready - and laid bare the president's mistake in raising expectations about how good the website was going to be. "Either they made assumptions that were too optimistic and were caught off guard, or they knew that the difficulties would be greater than the public understood, but chose not to say so," said Bill Galston, a Brookings Institution expert who was a domestic policy adviser to Democratic President Bill Clinton. "It may be some of both." CRISIS MANAGEMENT 101 Obama adviser Jeffrey Zients, appointed on Tuesday to figure out how to manage the complicated fixes for the website, was an unannounced participant on a conference call with health reporters on Friday afternoon. Zients gave a deadline, although he cautioned there was a lot of work to do. "By the end of November, healthcare.gov will work smoothly for the vast majority of users," he said. Borrowing from the lexicon of homebuilders, Zients said he had hired a "general contractor" to manage the many contractors on the project, and developed a "punch list" of dozens of problems to address. The message followed classic corporate crisis management strategy, said Peter LaMotte, a senior vice president at Levick, a firm that devises communications strategies for large corporations and organizations. "State the facts, be clear, be transparent, and then shut up," LaMotte said. "That is what we often recommend to our clients." That deadline buys the administration and tech experts time to iron out the bugs in the website before millions of Americans give up trying to use it, LaMotte said. But he added, "People are going to hold you to that date." Norm Ornstein, a political analyst at the American Enterprise Institute, said the date was "comforting" because it came from Zients, who is known for being a "straight shooter" with private-sector management expertise. "He's not making it up. It does not serve his interests to pick a date without a clue as to whether you can make it," Ornstein said, noting Zients would become Obama's top economic adviser at the White House on January 1. "His credibility is at stake here," Ornstein said. POLITICAL BREATHING ROOM Republicans are using the problems to push for a delay to the requirement that Americans buy insurance by March 31. "Despite hundreds of millions of taxpayers dollars invested, the website still does not work for most," Fred Upton, chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said in the Republican reply to Obama's Saturday address. Upton's panel will grill Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius at a hearing next week. Zients' Friday announcement will take some pressure off Sebelius in the hearing, said John Ullyot, who works on crisis communications as a managing director at High Lantern Group. But Ullyot, a former Senate Republican aide, said the plan would have had more punch had it been presented earlier in the week by the "much louder megaphone" of either Sebelius or Obama. "They had a full week of drip, drip, drip in the media, and you never want to have that," he said. Once the website is fixed, officials will face another communications challenge. They will need to concentrate on luring back to the site those people who gave up trying to access it in the initial phases, said a former Obama administration official, who spoke on condition of anonymity. "I think that people are going to like the site and sign up for it. The problem is once a user has a bad experience at a website, they're not usually going to want to go back to it," the official said. (Reporting by Roberta Rampton and Steve Holland; Editing by Peter Cooney)Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Carlton Davis tweeted a word used as an anti-Asian slur. He said it has a different meaning in South Florida."Our focus is not on the politics of it. It's on the policy," the Apple CEO said in a new interview.The high court said Google did nothing wrong in copying code to develop the Android operating system now used on most smartphones.  To create Android, which was released in 2007, Google wrote millions of lines of new computer code.  It also used about 11,500 lines of code copyrighted as part of Oracle's Java platform.A fake Kaitlin Bennett quote is spreading in the form of an altered image. Image forensics suggests someone altered an image to create the fake quote.Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemJane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama's healthcare law could have a "meltdown" and make it difficult for his Democratic Party to keep control of the U.S. Senate next year if ongoing problems with the program are not resolved, a Democratic senator said on Sunday. Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia, who has urged delaying a penalty for people who do not enroll for health insurance in 2014 under the law, told CNN that a transitional year was needed for the complex healthcare program, commonly known as Obamacare, to work. "If it's so much more expensive than what we anticipated and if the coverage is not as good as what we had, you've got a complete meltdown at that time," Manchin told CNN's "State of the Union" program. "It falls of its own weight, if basically the cost becomes more than we can absorb, absolutely." The White House has been scrambling for months to control the damage from the botched October 1 launch of the law, formally called the Affordable Care Act, which aimed at making sure that millions of Americans without health insurance are able to receive medical coverage. There have been complaints from consumers about higher premiums than they previously had to pay for health insurance after their old plans were canceled because of new standards under the law, as well as lingering problems with the main web portal used to sign up for insurance, HealthCare.gov. Manchin said Senate Democrats who are up for re-election next year are "feeling the weight" of the program's woes and could have trouble keeping their majority in the chamber. Republicans have been highlighting the healthcare law's difficulties as they seek to gain the six seats they would need to win control of the 100-member Senate. "It needs to turn around," Manchin said of Obamacare. "I'm not going to say that I think we will lose it (the Senate). It's going to be extremely challenging. We have some very good people who are truly there, I believe, for the right reason. They're going to be challenged for the wrong reason." Obama acknowledged on Friday that that the bungled launch of the healthcare law was his biggest mistake of 2013. His public approval numbers have dropped to historic lows over the law's debut. The president said more than 1 million people have signed up so far for new coverage under Obamacare through HealthCare.gov, which services 36 states, and 14 state-run marketplaces. A day earlier, Obama's administration said people whose insurance plans were canceled because of the law may claim a "hardship exemption" to the requirement that all Americans must have coverage by March 31 next year or face a penalty. Manchin, a conservative Democrat whose state of West Virginia has been increasingly trending Republican, has made no secret of his frustration over the program's fits and starts. Last month he introduced legislation to delay by a year the $95 penalty for failing to sign up for health insurance, saying Americans should not be penalized while Obamacare is going through its "transition period." Manchin does not face re-election next year, but some Democrats who do have also urged changes to the program, such as extending the open enrollment period beyond the March 31 deadline. One third of the Senate is re-elected every two years. (Reporting By Susan Cornwell; editing by Christopher Wilson)RED DEER, Alta. — The fate of a Canadian man who has been on death row in Montana for 38 years could become more tenuous as the state gets closer to removing obstacles that prevent it from resuming executions. Ronald Smith, 63, is originally from Red Deer, Alta., and has been on death row since 1983, a year after he and another man, high on LSD and alcohol near East Glacier, Mont., shot and killed two young Indigenous cousins. Montana specifies that the death penalty must be accomplished by an “ultra-fast-acting” barbiturate. A district court judge stayed executions more than a decade ago after ruling that the proposed use of pentobarbital didn't meet requirements. But a bill that would allow Montana to use any "intravenous injection in a lethal quantity" has passed in the House of Representatives and is to be voted on this week by the senate. Smith's daughter, who was six when her father went to prison, is trying not to worry. "I think it's stupid. I think it's stressful. If it happens, I'll be heartbroken," Carmen Blackburn said in an interview with The Canadian Press in Red Deer. "This is more than revenge. This is just now inhumane. This is torture. There needs to be a decision one way or the other." Several groups, including the American Civil Liberties Union, have argued against the proposed legislation. "(It's) really the worst-case scenario for abolition advocates. It made it through the house, but we're working our tails off to stop this thing in the senate," said Sam Forstag, the union's legislative program manager. "I'm incredibly worried and I know all of the other abolition advocates are as well. A bill like this functionally would restore the death penalty after a years-long moratorium." Rep. Ed Stafman, a Democrat, had sponsored a bill calling for the death penalty to be abolished but it was defeated. He described support for the death penalty in Montana as "miles wide and inches deep." He also said the Republicans have a majority in the senate, so the new legislation may have the support it needs to become law. Not all Republicans are in favour of the death penalty, he noted, so he's crossing his fingers. "I'm not optimistic, but I'm hopeful." Ron Waterman, a civil liberties union lawyer who worked on Smith's case, said even if the new protocol is adopted, nothing would happen right away. "This will only bring the case to the point where the various rulings by the court could be appealed," Waterman said. "Given the numerous issues which are appealable by Smith’s attorneys, the case likely will take years to resolve." The Montana Catholic Conference, the public policy arm of the state's Catholic bishops, has been lobbying to have the death penalty abolished. "This legislation moves us one step closer to restarting executions in Montana ... a significant step closer. And we think that's a terrible thing," said executive director Matt Brower. He said his group will work behind the scenes to try to convince senate members to vote against the new legislation. Blackburn said her father was devastated when the outgoing Democratic governor failed to commute his sentence late last year, despite the backing of religious and social groups, as well as a new request from the Canadian government. When Smith was first charged with murder, he refused a plea deal that would have sent him to prison for life. He later pleaded guilty and asked for the death penalty, then changed his mind and said he wanted to live. Five execution dates have been set over the years. Each has been overturned. Smith and Rodney Munro admitted to marching Harvey Mad Man, 23, and Thomas Running Rabbit, 20, into the woods by a highway in 1982. They shot them in the head with a sawed-off .22-calibre rifle. Court heard that Smith and Munro wanted to steal the victims' car. Smith also said at the time that he wanted to know what it was like to kill someone. Blackburn said her father is not that man anymore. "He took something so horrific and has been trying his darndest to turn everything around. He's sober, he went to school. He said he would want to work with troubled kids if he ever got out," she said. "He's trying, even if it's from afar. He just wants to be able to do something good now." This report by The Canadian Press was first published April 5, 2021 — Follow @BillGraveland on Twitter Bill Graveland, The Canadian PressLess than a week after former Progressive Conservative Leader Ches Crosbie announced his resignation, the party's president is following suit, stepping down from the role while hinting he could make a bid for Crosbie's old job. Eugene Manning said in a letter to executive party members Monday that he feared contravening the Tory constitution's neutrality condition that governs the president. "As you know, I have strong views regarding the potential direction of our Party, and our province's future," he wrote. "As such, there is an exceptionally low probability that I will remain neutral through the leadership contest as I consider my own future, including whether I will stand as candidate for leader or, in the alternative, support another candidate for this role." He went on to call the decision the "prudent course of action" to protect the executive's impartiality. Manning is the first to publicly suggest running for the position after Crosbie left the job Wednesday, following his second defeat in a general election. David Brazil, MHA for Conception Bay East-Bell Island, is now interim opposition leader, but has said he's not interested in vying for a permanent spot at the helm. On Wednesday, Manning devoted a Twitter thread to Crosbie's accomplishments as elected Tory head, noting his success in growing the party's membership and representation across the province. CBC News has reached out to Manning for comment. Read more articles from CBC Newfoundland and LabradorThe Bank of Japan (BOJ) began experiments on Monday to study the feasibility of issuing its own digital currency, joining efforts by other central banks that are aiming to match the innovation in the field achieved by the private sector.  The first phase of experiments, to be carried out until March 2022, will focus on testing the technical feasibility of issuing, distributing and redeeming a central bank digital currency (CBDC), the BOJ said in a statement.A surge in COVID-19 infections and variant cases in Alberta continued Sunday with reports of an estimated 950 new cases, and 600 new variant cases. Preliminary data released by the province marked a new daily record of cases involving variants of concern, which now account for about 38 per cent of active cases. On Saturday, Alberta had reported an estimated 550 additional cases of variants of concern after Dr. Deena Hinshaw, the province's chief medical officer of health, warned of a "significant" COVID-19 outbreak in Alberta involving the variant first found in Brazil, known as P.1, linked to a returning traveller. An Alberta Health Services spokesperson said they could not confirm Sunday whether the traveller had travelled internationally or domestically. "We will update Albertans tomorrow when we have more details available," AHS spokesperson Tom McMillan said in an email Sunday. Alberta Health has not revealed the location of the variant outbreak and number of cases connected. Provincial labs completed about 11,200 laboratory tests for the virus on Saturday, with a positivity rate of eight per cent. Hospitalizations continue to "remain stable," Hinshaw said. The province is only reporting preliminary data over the Easter long weekend, but will have full data available Monday. The last full update on Thursday saw 292 patients in hospital being treated for the disease, including 59 in intensive care unit beds. The number of active cases in the province was 8,653 — more than double a low of just over 4,000 in February and the highest count since Jan. 25. The total number of variant cases was 4,377 on Thursday, of which 2,820 were active. It's not known how many, if any, new deaths from COVID-19 were reported in the previous 24 hours as they were not included in Sunday's preliminary update. As of Thursday, the province had seen 1,994 deaths from COVID-19 since the beginning of the pandemic. About 8,000 vaccine doses were administered Saturday, Hinshaw said, bringing the provincial total to an estimated 693,000 doses to date.Ontario's Special Investigations Unit is looking into the death of a man in downtown Toronto on Monday morning. The Toronto Police Service went to an apartment on Sherbourne Street near Dundas Street East to execute a search warrant around 1 a.m., according to an SIU release. "Soon after" the officers arrived, the SIU says it appears the 56-year-old man went into medical distress. He was then taken to the hospital, but died less than two hours later. An autopsy is expected to take place on Tuesday, per the SIU, which has assigned six investigators to the case. Anyone with information is encouraged to contact the SIU at 1-800-787-8529. The investigations unit is particularly interested in any videos that might be relevant to the incident.OTTAWA — An internal Defence Department report has pulled back the curtain on the damage caused by an errant test on one of Canada’s four submarines last year, suggesting some of the damage is permanent and could continue to pose a risk over the long term. Obtained by The Canadian Press through Access to Information, the report represents another setback for Canada's four submarines, which have spent more time in repairs than at sea since being bought second-hand from Britain in 1998. HMCS Corner Brook has been hit particularly hard, with the vessel docked for extensive repairs and maintenance for the past six years after striking the bottom of the ocean off B.C. in 2011. A fire also broke out while it was docked in Victoria in August 2019. The report confirms that one of Corner Brook’s main ballast tanks ruptured last March during a test by Babcock Canada, which has been contracted to maintain and repair the sub fleet since 2008. The government recently extended Babcock’s contract to 2023. “The test consisted of the tank being largely filled by water with air added to apply the required test pressure,” reads the Aug. 6, 2020 report prepared for the deputy minister of the Department of National Defence. “After the tank successfully met this requirement, the final step was to drain the tank. This was intended to be done by gravity, however members of the test team attempted to accelerate drainage of the tank by re-applying pressure. “In doing so, they inadvertently over-pressurized the tank and caused it to rupture.” Defence officials have previously said the incident would delay the Navy’s plans to get the Corner Brook back in the water. The submarine was supposed to return to service last summer, but will now remain docked until at least June. Yet the report suggests even after repairs are done, some of the damage will be lasting and will need to be monitored by the Navy. “A full repair of the damage is impractical and would not be economical,” the report reads. “There is the potential that the post-repaired condition will still present undesirable risk, in which case the residual risk will be presented to the Navy for acceptance.” The report underscores the importance of maintaining the "structural integrity" of main ballast tanks to the safe operation of a submarine. They are used in controlling whether the vessel goes up or down in the water. “Otherwise the submarine may not be able to surface (including surfacing from depth in an emergency due to flooding) or remain stable on the surface, either of which could lead to loss of the submarine,” the report reads. Despite the damage, the report said the repairs and upgrades done to the Corner Brook since it was last in the water would see the submarine “in a significantly refreshed and modernized state, ready to operate for nine years.” Canada’s top military procurement official said in an interview last week that the ballast tank was successfully tested recently and the plan remains to have the Corner Brook back at sea in the summer. “When it goes to the sea, it will be safe and fit for purpose,” added Troy Crosby, the assistant deputy minister of materiel at the Department of National Defence. “There’s always an ongoing monitoring happening, but ... it’ll be safe, and it’ll be fit for purpose.” Crosby would not speak to whether the submarine will be limited in what it can do, however. The military has previously imposed limitations or restrictions on other equipment, such as its Cyclone helicopters, after safety concerns were identified. “The limitation that may be imposed on the submarine will ... allow the submarine to do what it needs to do operationally with the Navy,” he said. “It’s an awkward area simply because of the sensitivity around capabilities. We get into an area of sensitive information around operational capabilities that we just can’t get into the details.” The report indicates that Babcock planned to “accept liability for the direct repair cost,” but that “indirect costs will be the subject of negotiations between Canada and (Babcock).” Crosby said there was no plan to sue the company for the mistake. “The contractor is honouring their obligation,” he said. “They were very good about their response to that and we’ll have the submarine, as they say, repaired and we’ll move on from there.” Questions about the benefits and costs of Canada’s submarines have circulated since Ottawa purchased the vessels second hand from Britain. The fleet was recently docked for more than a year, and the Defence Department says they cost $300 million a year to maintain. Military officials, however, have called them critical to monitoring the waters off Canada’s coasts for potential adversaries. The Defence Department says HMCS Windsor and HMCS Victoria are now in the water undergoing tests after extended upgrades and repairs. The government promised in 2017 to extend the lives of the submarines, with sources pegging the cost at more than $2 billion to keep them operating for the next decade. Crosby said work on those upgrades is underway and will be implemented over the next few years. This report by The Canadian Press was first published April 5, 2021. Lee Berthiaume, The Canadian PressThe Windsor-Essex County Health Unit (WECHU) reported 100 new COVID-19 cases from April 1 to 2 and no new deaths on Saturday; 52 cases were reported on April 2 and 48 cases were reported on April 1. Since the pandemic began, there have been 14,028 COVID-19 cases recorded in Windsor-Essex and 403 deaths, according to WECHU. There are 391 known active cases in the region. Among the 100 cases, one is outbreak-related, 17 are close contacts of confirmed cases, 10 are community-acquired, one is related to travel in the U.S. and 71 are still being investigated. There are 14 people in hospital in the region, with four in the intensive care unit. According to WECHU, 73,519 people have received their first dose of the vaccine and 12,353 have received both doses. A total of 98,225 doses have been administered to local residents so far. The public health authorities identified 91 preliminary or confirmed variant of concern cases. There are seven ongoing outbreaks. Four workplaces have active outbreaks, including: Two in Kingsville's agriculture sector. One in Essex's manufacturing sector. One in Windsor's manufacturing sector. One in Lakeshore's manufacturing sector. There are two community outbreaks, which are in the Southwest Detention Centre and Victoria Manor.The latest numbers on COVID-19 vaccinations in Canada as of 10:30 p.m. ET on Sunday April 4, 2021. In Canada, the provinces are reporting 44,982 new vaccinations administered for a total of 6,233,533 doses given. Nationwide, 719,100 people or 1.9 per cent of the population has been fully vaccinated. The provinces have administered doses at a rate of 16,447.63 per 100,000. There were 135,100 new vaccines delivered to the provinces and territories for a total of 7,974,970 doses delivered so far. The provinces and territories have used 78.16 per cent of their available vaccine supply. Please note that Newfoundland, P.E.I., Nova Scotia, New Brunswick and the territories typically do not report on a daily basis. Newfoundland is reporting 13,720 new vaccinations administered over the past seven days for a total of 68,951 doses given. The province has administered doses at a rate of 131.679 per 1,000. In the province, 1.84 per cent (9,654) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to Newfoundland for a total of 101,660 doses delivered so far. The province has received enough of the vaccine to give 19 per cent of its population a single dose. The province has used 67.83 per cent of its available vaccine supply. P.E.I. is reporting 4,895 new vaccinations administered over the past seven days for a total of 25,153 doses given. The province has administered doses at a rate of 158.565 per 1,000. In the province, 4.55 per cent (7,212) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to P.E.I. for a total of 31,885 doses delivered so far. The province has received enough of the vaccine to give 20 per cent of its population a single dose. The province has used 78.89 per cent of its available vaccine supply. Nova Scotia is reporting 28,255 new vaccinations administered over the past seven days for a total of 111,403 doses given. The province has administered doses at a rate of 114.154 per 1,000. In the province, 3.03 per cent (29,530) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to Nova Scotia for a total of 186,050 doses delivered so far. The province has received enough of the vaccine to give 19 per cent of its population a single dose. The province has used 59.88 per cent of its available vaccine supply. New Brunswick is reporting 33,407 new vaccinations administered over the past seven days for a total of 120,673 doses given. The province has administered doses at a rate of 154.701 per 1,000. In the province, 3.46 per cent (27,012) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to New Brunswick for a total of 147,685 doses delivered so far. The province has received enough of the vaccine to give 19 per cent of its population a single dose. The province has used 81.71 per cent of its available vaccine supply. Quebec is reporting 41,194 new vaccinations administered for a total of 1,529,541 doses given. The province has administered doses at a rate of 178.755 per 1,000. There were 135,100 new vaccines delivered to Quebec for a total of 2,127,605 doses delivered so far. The province has received enough of the vaccine to give 25 per cent of its population a single dose. The province has used 71.89 per cent of its available vaccine supply. Ontario is reporting zero new vaccinations administered for a total of 2,424,063 doses given. The province has administered doses at a rate of 165.025 per 1,000. In the province, 2.19 per cent (321,469) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to Ontario for a total of 2,825,795 doses delivered so far. The province has received enough of the vaccine to give 19 per cent of its population a single dose. The province has used 85.78 per cent of its available vaccine supply. Manitoba is reporting zero new vaccinations administered for a total of 204,107 doses given. The province has administered doses at a rate of 148.225 per 1,000. In the province, 4.39 per cent (60,519) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to Manitoba for a total of 343,730 doses delivered so far. The province has received enough of the vaccine to give 25 per cent of its population a single dose. The province has used 59.38 per cent of its available vaccine supply. Saskatchewan is reporting zero new vaccinations administered for a total of 214,246 doses given. The province has administered doses at a rate of 181.695 per 1,000. In the province, 3.32 per cent (39,119) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to Saskatchewan for a total of 232,495 doses delivered so far. The province has received enough of the vaccine to give 20 per cent of its population a single dose. The province has used 92.15 per cent of its available vaccine supply. Alberta is reporting zero new vaccinations administered for a total of 653,010 doses given. The province has administered doses at a rate of 148.342 per 1,000. In the province, 2.36 per cent (103,926) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to Alberta for a total of 848,315 doses delivered so far. The province has received enough of the vaccine to give 19 per cent of its population a single dose. The province has used 76.98 per cent of its available vaccine supply. British Columbia is reporting zero new vaccinations administered for a total of 788,249 doses given. The province has administered doses at a rate of 153.608 per 1,000. In the province, 1.70 per cent (87,394) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to British Columbia for a total of 989,250 doses delivered so far. The province has received enough of the vaccine to give 19 per cent of its population a single dose. The province has used 79.68 per cent of its available vaccine supply. Yukon is reporting zero new vaccinations administered for a total of 35,470 doses given. The territory has administered doses at a rate of 849.968 per 1,000. In the territory, 27.78 per cent (11,592) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to Yukon for a total of 51,400 doses delivered so far. The territory has received enough of the vaccine to give 120 per cent of its population a single dose. The territory has used 69.01 per cent of its available vaccine supply. The Northwest Territories are reporting zero new vaccinations administered for a total of 37,655 doses given. The territory has administered doses at a rate of 834.571 per 1,000. In the territory, 30.88 per cent (13,933) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to the Northwest Territories for a total of 51,600 doses delivered so far. The territory has received enough of the vaccine to give 110 per cent of its population a single dose. The territory has used 72.97 per cent of its available vaccine supply. Nunavut is reporting zero new vaccinations administered for a total of 21,012 doses given. The territory has administered doses at a rate of 542.581 per 1,000. In the territory, 19.99 per cent (7,740) of the population has been fully vaccinated. There were zero new vaccines delivered to Nunavut for a total of 37,500 doses delivered so far. The territory has received enough of the vaccine to give 97 per cent of its population a single dose. The territory has used 56.03 per cent of its available vaccine supply. *Notes on data: The figures are compiled by the COVID-19 Open Data Working Group based on the latest publicly available data and are subject to change. Note that some provinces report weekly, while others report same-day or figures from the previous day. Vaccine doses administered is not equivalent to the number of people inoculated as the approved vaccines require two doses per person. The vaccines are currently not being administered to children under 18 and those with certain health conditions. In some cases the number of doses administered may appear to exceed the number of doses distributed as some provinces have been drawing extra doses per vial. This report was automatically generated by The Canadian Press Digital Data Desk and was first published April 4, 2021. The Canadian PressMOSCOW (Reuters) -Jailed Kremlin critic Alexei Navalny has been moved to a sick ward with symptoms of a respiratory illness and has been tested for the coronavirus, the Izvestia newspaper reported on Monday, after he said he had a high temperature and cough.  Navalny, a prominent critic of President Vladimir Putin who declared a hunger strike last week and accused prison staff of denying him proper treatment for acute back and leg pain, alleged earlier there was a tuberculosis outbreak in his ward.  The 44-year-old politician whose release the West has demanded said three people from his ward had been hospitalised with tuberculosis and joked darkly that catching the disease might offer him relief from his other ailments.Japanese health authorities are concerned that variants of the coronavirus are driving a nascent fourth wave in the pandemic with just 109 days remaining until the Tokyo Olympics.  The variants appear to be more infectious and may be resistant to vaccines, which are still not widely available in Japan.  The situation is worst in Osaka, where infections hit fresh records last week, prompting the regional government to start targeted lockdown measures for one month from Monday.VANCOUVER — Businesses putting staff and patrons at risk by remaining open in defiance of COVID-19 rules will face consequences, British Columbia's public safety minister said Sunday as the province works to bring surging infections under control. The warning from Mike Farnworth comes after a Vancouver restaurant that flouted restrictions by serving patrons indoors was slapped with a closure notice on Saturday, which its owner has indicated she intends to ignore. "Harassment of enforcement officials will not be tolerated, and closure orders by Vancouver Coastal Health or any other health authority must be respected," Farnworth said in a statement. "There most certainly will be consequences for those openly ignoring and defying orders that are intended to keep British Columbians safe." Anyone hosting a non-compliant event can currently be issued a violation ticket of $2,300, while individuals face a $575 fine. Vancouver Coastal Health issued a closure notice for the city's Corduroy Restaurant on Saturday, and police also visited the business in response to several complaints throughout the day. "No arrests or tickets were issued by police," Cpl. Tania Visintin said in an email response. "The provincial health authorities will seek further action as they see fit. We will continue to assist under their direction." In a video posted on Twitter, the Corduroy's owner is seen accusing a bylaw officer of trespassing as he hands her a notice, while unmasked customers in the packed eatery start chanting "Get out." A Sunday Instagram post from the restaurant describes the last two days as a "roller-coaster" but does not mention the closure order. "We appreciate the support and understand the backlash," it reads. "This last year has been incredibly difficult for us all. We have sold out of food and decided to close tonight and tomorrow." British Columbia's provincial health officer Dr. Bonnie Henry issued a public health order last week banning all indoor dining due to a sharp jump in COVID-19 cases. The province has since seen daily infections top the 1,000 mark several times, including setting a single-day record of 1,072 new cases. Patio seating and takeout orders are still allowed as part of the new public health order, which will last until at least April 19. Meanwhile, the B.C. government is working on a provincewide booking system for COVID-19 vaccine appointments. As it stands, only one of the five health authorities has such a service. The province is aiming to launch the website this week. This report by The Canadian Press was first published April 4, 2021. Camille Bains, The Canadian Press Note to readers: This is a corrected story. A previous version said a bylaw officer handed the owner of Corduroy a notice of trespassing. In fact, it is not clear what type of notice the bylaw officer handed the owner, and it was the owner who accused the officer of trespassing.B.C. Minister of Health Adrian Dix has defended measures in place to limit the spread of COVID-19, even as his province set one-day case counts records on Friday and Saturday. "Right now they're strict measures and we need everyone to dig in," Dix said in an interview Sunday. "This is the time to follow those measures." Dix along with Provincial Health Officer Dr. Bonnie Henry cancelled indoor dining, in-person worship and group fitness classes last week to curb an alarming growth in COVID-19 cases. Other measures in place since November include restricting indoor gatherings to individual households only and to avoid travel to other health regions. In early March, the province allowed for British Columbians to gather outside in groups of up to 10 people, following four months of restrictions on social gatherings. Surge in young patients Dix said on Sunday that B.C.'s latest COVID-19 measures were very strict, and did not say if other new measures could be coming in days ahead. A record 2,090 new cases of COVID-19 for Friday and Saturday were announced in a release from the province on Saturday, but it did not include information about deaths, variants of concern or the number of active cases. The 1,018 new cases on Friday and 1,072 new cases on Saturday were both single-day infection records. The release said 90 patients were in critical care, which was up 11 from 79 on Thursday. Dix said on Sunday that a higher proportion of younger people are becoming ill from the disease. "I'm not one bit happy about where we are at now," he said, adding that provincial measures are targeting indoor transmissions. On Saturday, a tweet from Dr. Kevin McLeod of Lions Gate Hospital in North Vancouver said hospitals are seeing a surge in young patients needing serious medical intervention for illnesses caused by COVID-19. Dix said he saw the tweet and said its message was an important one. "What it says to everybody is this is the time to take care," he said. "Right now is the time to really follow public health orders whether you're 25 or 75." The minister also said B.C. had delivered a record number of vaccinations this past week. A total of 856,801 doses of COVID-19 vaccine have been administered in B.C. to date, including 87,455 second doses. Vaccine appointments are currently open for seniors aged 72 and up, Indigenous people over the age of 18 and people that the province has deemed to be clinically extremely vulnerable. People between the ages of 55 and 65 are also eligible for the AstraZeneca vaccine in the Lower Mainland while more communities are expected to be added by the end of next week. No travel, says Dix Dix has also pleaded with people to stay local this weekend, as he said unnecessary travel has contributed to the rise in infections. "Stay close to home right now. Non-essential travel that's not required shouldn't take place right now," he told The Early Edition host Stephen Quinn on Monday. Some officials in tourist destinations in B.C. said over the weekend that they were noticing an influx of visitors. "My feeling is that the province's restrictions on indoor dining and the messaging about staying local are getting through certainly to a lot of people, not everybody," said Tofino Mayor Dan Law. In the Southern Interior, Osoyoos Mayor Sue McKortoff said it appears that more people are visiting her community this weekend than over the past two weeks, but not as much as a normal year. She says people coming are doing so to play golf, visit wineries or be at properties they own and are playing it safe. "We offer Canada's warmest welcome, that's our motto, and so it seems unusual," McKortoff said. "But I appreciate the fact that people are looking after themselves and looking after our businesses and looking after the community by obeying ... the health regulations. I don't see it being a problem." Click to hear Health Minister Adrian Dix answer callers' questions on CBC's The Early Edition:Vancouver's Coal Harbour hardly looks like a setting for a potential wildlife refuge. Noisy float planes skitter to and from a nearby dock, storm sewers empty into the saltwater, and high rise towers loom over the water. But marine biologist Doug Swanston thinks the place has huge potential as a home for herring. Recently, he rolled three big plastic coolers onto the dock before opening them to reveal a three-metre-long piece of fabric mesh covered with tiny white dots. "This is probably getting close to a million, maybe 1.5 million eggs if you counted them all," he said as he pulled them into the sunlight. "The goal is to return herring to Coal Harbour. Historically, we had a spawn here in the 1800s, and it was a source of food for First Nations communities." The eggs had been collected in a nearby area and the hope is that they will seed future runs. Herring are a vital, but not very well understood part of the Pacific Ocean's complex food web. This year alone, 16,000 tonnes have been plucked from B.C. waters. That's about 100 million fish — a low year compared to the glory days of the herring fishery's past. But efforts are underway, in the courts and the ocean, to help the herring. Marine biologist Doug Swanston holds up mesh fabric covered with tiny fertilized herring eggs. He is researching the impact of transplanting the eggs in the urban inlets of Vancouver. (CBC) Tough times for Canadian herring For decades, the fish were viewed as a virtually inexhaustible resource. They were canned, frozen, used as fertilizer, and even rendered into slippery goo to grease logs being skidded out of the forest. But the once coastal-wide bonanza is fizzling out. This year, most of the waters off B.C. were closed to commercial herring boats, with the only quota being allowed in the Strait of Georgia, along Canada's southwest coast. The latest government estimates show that the total mass of Pacific herring in the strait fell from 130,000 metric tons in 2016 to around 54,000 metric tons in 2020 — a nearly 60 per cent decrease over four years. The first collapse of the stocks happened in the 1960s, due to overfishing. They were allowed to recover but have had ups and downs in recent decades. WATCH | Conservationists investigate reports of a large herring dump off Vancouver Island: The herring fishery in Eastern Canada has also been facing tough times. For example, an assessment last year for the Gulf of St.Lawrence, predicted the spring spawning herring population is on a trajectory toward extinction in 10 years. Voracious predators and a warming ocean are listed as the biggest obstacles to recovery. DFO takes 'precautionary approach' On the West Coast, some groups called for a total closure of the herring fishery this year, but the fishing industry and the Department of Fisheries and Oceans (DFO) pushed back. In a media release, DFO said the quota was set after conducting "rigorous scientific stock assessments," and "the results demonstrate a healthy and stable herring stock in the Strait of Georgia." It went on to say the department is "applying the precautionary approach to ensure the long term viability of herring for our ocean ecosystems and harvesters alike." But that doesn't satisfy a number of Indigenous and environmental groups who are arguing, sometimes in court, for a reduced catch. Indigenous food for generations On Vancouver's North Shore, the gravel crunches as Chief of the Tsleil-Waututh First Nation Leah George-Wilson walks along the beach. For thousands of years, she said herring was an important food for the Tsleil-Waututh people. She recalls her grandparents talking about eating wild herring taken from nearby waters. For her generation though, herring is mostly something left in oral history and traditional knowledge since they were largely fished out in nearby waters. "You only have to look up the West Coast of British Columbia to see where herring still is and to see how Indigenous people harvest there," George-Wilson told CBC News. "We did similar things and it was an important food source." The Tsleil-Waututh and other Indigenous groups are working to bring back the fish. And they're partnering with scientists to better understand how herring live and spawn. Leah George-Wilson, chief of the Tsleil-Waututh Nation, says traditional Indigenous knowledge can be used to help restore herring and other important sources of food.(CBC) How to keep herring eggs alive False Creek is another built-up urban harbour in Vancouver. It's shallow, has constant boat traffic and home to a number of large marinas. But it's a herring success story. "Herring are the key. They are the bottom of the food chain," said Jonn Matsen on the dock of Fisherman's Wharf, a sprawling complex where hundreds of boats are tied to wooden docks. He's in charge of herring enhancement for the Squamish Streamkeepers, a volunteer group dedicated to restoring fish habitat, and pioneers in the field of herring aid. It started years ago when millions of herring eggs were found on creosote pilings used extensively along the coast to support docks. The toxic wood preservative was deadly for the eggs, which take about three weeks to hatch. Matsen and others were appalled and set out to fix the problem. They started by wrapping the pilings in a heavy duty fabric, giving the eggs a fighting chance. They've since expanded to using fine mesh fabric nets suspended below the water line, which give even better protection and survival rates. The program has been successful enough that this year about 10 per cent of the fertilized eggs are being transplanted from False Creek to the new site in Coal Harbour. Jonn Matsen heads up the herring enhancement program for the Squamish Streamkeepers, a volunteer group that has pioneered techniques to create spawning sites for herring.(CBC) Crucial for salmon, whales Matsen said herring are a vital part of the food web, especially for endangered salmon. "The first thing a salmon looks for when it comes out of the river is food and if you have a herring run right in that area it's just perfect." He said it only makes sense that part of the salmon's decline is tied to having fewer herring in B.C. waters. Whales, seals, birds and many other creatures depend on the fish as well. "We found you can bring the whole food chain back, if you start with the herring and work your way up," Matsen said. "It can happen." Herring face a lot of threats in the wild but they are prolific spawners, as shown by this egg mass on a piling in Vancouver's False Creek, an inlet at the centre of the city. (Scott Renyard) Swanston, the biologist, said despite its importance to the environment and as a commercial catch, there are still many mysteries around herring. For instance, it used to be thought that herring didn't return to their natal waters to spawn, but newer evidence suggests they may have a homing instinct similar to salmon, which return to the streams where they first hatched. It would also explain why herring have disappeared from some parts of the B.C. coast. These tiny herring are a vital food source from other creatures from the egg stage and on through their lives. They take three years to reach spawning age.(Spencer Chaisson/UBC) Do herring have a homing instinct? But pollution, development, overfishing and a lack of natural spawning habitat are also factors that need further research and remediation, said Swanston. The riddle about why the herring spawn in some areas but have disappeared in others is one reason Swanston is fascinated by the experiment to transplant eggs into Coal Harbour. But he said it will be at least three years for results, because that's how long it will take the tiny eggs to hatch and grow to maturity out at sea. The hard pressed herring have a low survival rate. Only one out of 1,000 lives long enough to spawn, but if they're allowed to reproduce in the billions, it will be enough to sustain the shimmering schools of fish. Herring, a silvery forage fish that swims in large schools, have been a traditional food source for Indigenous communities on the West Coast and elsewhere, as well as an important commercial stock.(Robert F. Bukaty/The Associated Press)A man is recovering in hospital from gunshot wounds after the fourth shooting in Coquitlam in a week, while police say they are working hard to keep the community safe. Coquitlam RCMP have so far connected two shootings from earlier in the week to drugs and gangs, but have yet to say if a shooting Sunday morning and one Saturday night are connected. Around 11:00 a.m. PT Sunday, first responders rushed to treat a man shot near Gatensbury Street and Howie Avenue. Police say the man is in stable condition and is expected to survive. An RCMP officer speaks to a man at the scene of a shooting in Coquitlam on Sunday April 4, 2021.(Shane MacKichan) The incident follows one from Saturday night around 9:30 p.m. when police, who were already in the area doing patrols in response to shooting incidents from earlier in the week, heard shots ring out from Good Neighbour Park on Foster Avenue. No victims or suspects were located and police are working to determine if the two incidents, occurring less than 24 hours apart, and just blocks from one another, are connected. More shootings Earlier this week two other men were shot in Coquitlam, which investigators say they believe were targeted and are related to drugs and gangs. Police say the spate of violence is unsettling for the city and officers are working to solve the crimes. "While unprecedented, these four shootings are none-the-less alarming and we want to reassure the public that they are being thoroughly assessed by our investigators and analysts to determine if there are any links or not to each other and to the wider Lower Mainland gang conflict," said a release from Coquitlam RCMP. Coquitlam RCMP is working with other police units in the Lower Mainland in its investigations. It is also stepping up community patrols. Police are asking anyone with information, or pictures or video of any of the shootings to contact them.Iran has arrested an "Israeli spy" and a number of other people who were in contact with foreign intelligence services, Iranian state media reported on Monday, without giving the nationality of those arrested.  "An Israeli spy has been arrested in Iran's East Azerbaijan province ... also other spies who were in contact with several countries' intelligence services have been arrested as well," it quoted an Intelligence Ministry official as saying.  The Islamic Republic does not recognise Israel and has accused it of being behind acts of sabotage and assassinations of nuclear scientists.Victoria Salazar, the Salvadoran woman killed in Mexican police custody in the Caribbean beach resort of Tulum and whose death prompted calls for justice from the presidents of El Salvador and Mexico, was laid to rest in a somber ceremony on Sunday.  The attorney general's office of the Mexican state of Quintana Roo on Saturday charged the one female and three male police officers who had detained Salazar with femicide, or the killing of a woman because of her gender.  "The events occurred last Saturday, March 27 ... when the victim was detained by the police officers and, after being subjected to excessive and disproportionate force, likely prompting the death of the foreign woman," the attorney general's office said.As the number of COVID-19 cases in Ontario ICUs grows, the medical community is calling on the provincial government to do more to slow the virus, including vaccinating essential workers.Multiple COVID-19 cases reported by the Windsor-Essex Catholic school board on the weekend has led to 184 students being asked to stay home after the long weekend. The Windsor-Essex Catholic District School Board said in a series of news releases Sunday that eight cases have sent home a number of classes and some bus cohorts. The increase in cases comes after a province-wide shutdown began Saturday. When the new restrictions were announced on Thursday, Ontario Premier Doug Ford said keeping schools open is a "top priority," but officials will closely monitor the situation. The expectation is that classes will resume in person following the Easter long weekend. Here are the schools with confirmed cases and dismissed students: 24 students dismissed from a class cohort at St. John the Baptist Catholic Elementary School in Belle River following one student case. 22 students dismissed from a class cohort and 17 from a bus cohort from St. Peter Catholic Elementary School in Tecumseh following one student case. 29 students dismissed from a class cohort at St. Gabriel Catholic Elementary School in Windsor following one student case. 26 students dismissed from a class cohort at St. Teresa of Calcutta Catholic Elementary School in Windsor following one student case. 19 students dismissed from a class cohort at Corpus Christi Catholic Middle School in Windsor following one student case. 20 students dismissed from a class cohort, five from a bus cohort from St. Mary Catholic Elementary School in Maidstone following two student cases. 22 students dismissed from a class cohort at St. Christopher Catholic Elementary School in Windsor following one staff case. In its news releases, the board said the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit is contacting any students or staff who may have been affected and giving them instructions to follow. Students from all the schools have already been told not to return to class Tuesday. The province announced a shutdown Thursday while keeping schools open.(Evan Mitsui/CBC) Other schools already listed on the board's website that were not included in the weekend reporting include: One class dismissed at St. Pius X Catholic Elementary School in Windsor, which has one student case and one staff case. One class dismissed at St. William Catholic Elementary School in Emeryville, which has one student case. One class dismissed at St. Rose Catholic Elementary School in Windsor, which has one student case. No classes dismissed at St. Joseph's Catholic High School in Windsor, which has one student case. One class dismissed at St. Anne Catholic High School in Lakeshore, which has one student case. According to the board's website, all schools remain open at this time. Public board also reports several cases Meanwhile, the Greater Essex County District School Board also reported several new cases at schools over the long weekend. According to the board's website, there were eight confirmed cases between April 1 and April 4. It's unclear how many students or classes were dismissed. In total, 14 public schools in the region have active cases, including: Centennial Central Public School in Comber with two student cases. Dr. David Suzuki Public School in Windsor with one student case. General Amherst High School in Amherstburg with one student case. Jack Miner Public School in Kingsville with one student case. King Edward Public School with one student case. Sandwich Secondary School in LaSalle with one student case. Sandwich West Public School in LaSalle with one student case. Frank W. Begley in Windsor with two student cases. Coronation Public School in with one student case. Forest Glade Public School in Windsor with one student case. Herman Academy Secondary in Windsor with two student cases. Northwood Public School in Windsor with one student case and one staff case. P.A.S.S. Mason Centre in Windsor with one student case. Tecumseh Vista Secondary with two student cases. During Thursday's daily COVID-19 briefing with the Windsor-Essex County Health Unit, medical officer of health Dr. Wajid Ahmed said he wasn't concerned about the schools just yet, as cases in the community are still low. "So far we have seen some cases in the school and that has resulted in many dismissals as well but overall knock on wood we were able to do fine with the school at this time," he said. In December, Ahmed took matters into his own hands and closed all schools in the region a week before the winter break due to rising COVID-19 cases. "When we made that decision it was because of wide spread transmission in community," Ahmed said on Thursday, adding that they have yet to see the same spread now so "at this time" schools can stay open. The health unit returns for its daily COVID-19 briefings on Tuesday.Like many Kanien'kehá:ka (Mohawk) families, Hogan Gilbert's has a rich history in ironwork, and the trade has taken him far from home. Gilbert and countless other ironworkers from Kahnawake, Que., near Montreal, travel roughly 600 kilometres up and down the I-87 every week to build New York City's bridges and skyscrapers. It's a longstanding tradition that has spanned multiple generations of Kanien'kehá:ka families. But that part of ironwork life has changed drastically as a result of the coronavirus pandemic. With the closure of the Canada-U.S. border and strict public health measures, many have been isolated from their families, friends, and community. "Being here for so long really makes you miss town," said Gilbert, 31, a third-year apprentice with New York's Local 40 ironworkers union. "You don't know how much you appreciate home until it's not accessible anymore." Now, after months of visits through windows or camping in yards to keep distance, the first doses of vaccines have arrived — and Kahnawake's ironworkers see an end to their isolation on the horizon. Gilbert and other ironworkers from Kahnawake travel roughly 600 kilometres up and down the I-87 every week to build New York City's bridges and skyscrapers.(Submitted by Hogan Gilbert) 'The solitude was crazy' In March 2020, before the federal government's orders under the Quarantine Act, Kahnawake's COVID-19 task force implemented a number of measures for cross-border workers as a way to minimize risk of transmitting the virus. It recommended workers stay at their job site until further notice or quarantine for two weeks if they chose to come home. "That was the hardest part. That was the longest part of the year," said Gilbert. "The solitude was crazy, to be really honest. I was alone every day for months." Mike White, 36, another apprentice ironworker, made the decision to take a leave from work for five months to stay in Kahnawake with his fiancée and four children. "I only returned to NYC in late August. Fortunately, I got the same job with the same company," he said in an interview from New York. Mike White, 36, decided to take a leave from work for five months to be with his family in Kahnawake when the pandemic hit.(Submitted by Mike White) "Things were definitely different. We got tested twice a week and a lot of safety measures were put in place." But travelling back and forth meant isolating from his family, and being able to speak with them only through a window. "It was definitely hard on everyone," he said. "Things are improving generally both back home and over here in NYC. I take every precaution necessary. I bring my groceries from home, drive to and from work and that's it." White, left, had to isolate from his fiancée and four children when he returned to Kahnawake from working in New York City.(Angel Horn Photography) Gilbert has had a similar experience. Over the fall and winter, he isolated from his girlfriend when home by camping in their backyard or staying at hotels until it became too expensive to do so. The extra precautions the couple took were for the safety of elders and the most vulnerable in the community. "We were extra cautious because I see my parents a lot and they work with the elders, so we distance ourselves from each other in order to protect everyone around us," said his girlfriend Maylan Jacobs. "It feels better that he's being tested regularly and it comes back negative, but there's always still that chance so it's kind of like I have to pick between seeing him and seeing my family which is a tough one to make." Kahnawake has a longstanding history with ironwork. Generations of men from the community have 'boomed out' to build skylines across North America, including New York City.(Submitted by Hogan Gilbert) The end of the tunnel As of Feb. 21, new testing and quarantine requirements are required when entering Canada. Essential workers on infrastructure projects, such as ironworkers, are exempt. However, the task force in Kahnawake remains cautious, giving ironworkers the OK to return to the community without having to isolate as long as they have had negative COVID-19 PCR test results in the last 72 hours. White is getting tested every Wednesday before coming home on Friday evenings. His union pays for PCR tests only every two weeks, so he's paying $120 out of his own pocket for the other weeks. "We understand, it definitely takes a toll on people," said Lloyd Phillips, public safety commissioner at the Mohawk Council of Kahnawake and a member of the task force. "We're trying to be as fair as we can but also keeping in mind that the whole health of our community is the priority." As a part of the task force's current mass vaccination campaign in Kahnawake, Phillips said a special clinic was organized on March 28 for cross-border workers and students. Both White and Gilbert were among those to receive their first dose of vaccine. In mid-March, couple Gilbert and Maylan Jacobs were able to see each other for the first time in months without having to isolate.(Submitted by Maylan Jacobs) Gilbert said that's been a huge relief. Although his current schooling schedule means he'll be home less often, he was able to kiss his girlfriend for the first time since July. "We looked at each other and we were like, we don't know if we still know how to do this, and she jumped on me and gave me a big kiss. It was amazing," he said. "It feels like there's a light at the end of the tunnel knowing that I can come home as long as I keep testing negative. That's key. We can be together, that's the best part. The second thing is getting vaccinated so that we don't have to worry about this for much longer."Weekend warming in Happy Valley-Goose Bay has led to flooding across the community. Becky Michelin took this photo while kayaking down a road in the town.(Becky Michelin) Town crews in Happy-Valley Goose Bay are working to deal with flooding after the area was blasted with snow, followed by warming temperatures and 28 hours of freezing rain over the weekend. About 17 cm of snow fell on Friday, followed quickly by freezing rain that lasted through Sunday before switching to rain. It took down trees, had Newfoundland and Labrador Hydro crews working to remove ice buildup on power lines, and forced the town to issue what it calls an urgent public safety advisory, as flood waters pooled on streets in town, and started eating away at some of the gravel roads. "There's no doubt that this year's flooding is probably the worst I've seen," Happy Valley-Goose Bay mayor Wally Andersen told The St. John's Morning Show. "It's calling for temperatures of four and five degrees for the rest of the week which is probably unheard of at this time of the year." Andersen said town crews are out clearing snow to try and open up space for the water to drain, with as much as a foot of water being reported on some roads. Roads will be cleared on a priority basis, according to the town. The town is asking people to be prepared for the flooding to continue, with more precipitation and warm temperatures in the forecast. Drivers are encouraged to lower their speeds, avoid gravel sections of roads and to look out for new, emerging potholes. With the most severe weather out of the way, Environment Canada said the next few days will continue to bring showers or flurries with the chance of freezing drizzle along the coast. Andersen said the weather adds to what has been an unusual winter for central Labrador, highlighted by warmer than normal temperatures and much less sea ice in the area. Residents have been told to prepare for more flooding as warm temperatures are expected to continue.(Elvis Strangemore) "A lot of people say this is one of the funniest winters they've ever seen," he said. "Normally this time of year there's a whole bunch of people here…who go down probably around the middle to the last part of April for their seal hunt. People are questioning now if the ice is even going to be safe for them to do that." Read more from CBC Newfoundland and LabradorA single mom from Washington State who was cited by President Obama as an Affordable Care Act success story now says she’ll go uninsured and calls the program a “treadmill of bureaucracy.” Washington State Wire  reports that Jessica Sanford, 48, discovered that she is no longer eligible for a large subsidy that would have lowered her monthly premium to $169 per month. Instead, Sanford would now be forced to pay nearly four times as much, $621, for coverage.Sanford told the paper she believes the government should shut down the entire healthcare.gov site until the site’s issues are resolved. “In my opinion they ought to shut it down and just get all of it straightened out.”That's a complete 180 from what Sanford thought she was signing up for last month when Obama touted her as an Affordable Care Act success story.During a White House Rose Garden ceremony on Oct. 21, Obama read an email from Sanford in which she thanks the president for offering her help in obtaining a low-cost, high-quality coverage plan."I recently received a letter from a woman named Jessica Sanford in Washington state,” Obama said. “And here's what she wrote: 'I am a single mom, no child support, self-employed. And I haven't had insurance for 15 years because it's too expensive. I was crying the other day when I signed up, so much stress lifted.' "Sanford works as a court reporter and says she makes just under $50,000 a year. Her 14-year-old son requires a monthly prescription that is expensive because it must come from a compounded pharmacy. She said she thought the originally promised $452 monthly premium subsidy would help her close the financial gap.“To think I would finally be covered if anything happened – I was so relieved,” she told the Washington Wire.However, CNN reports that in the days following Obama's Rose Garden ceremony Sanford received a letter telling her that her tax credit had been taken away, meaning she won’t be able to afford coverage. Officials reportedly told her that they made a mistake in calculating her benefits. Sanford is reportedly one of 8,000 people in Washington State who have received letters informing them that their promised subsidies have been reduced or removed.“This is it. I'm not getting insurance," Sanford told CNN. "That's where it stands right now unless they fix it."A representative from Washington State’s  HealthPlanFinder  said they are looking into Sanford’s case and will try to help her find a more affordable plan.Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Carlton Davis tweeted a word used as an anti-Asian slur. He said it has a different meaning in South Florida."Our focus is not on the politics of it. It's on the policy," the Apple CEO said in a new interview.The high court said Google did nothing wrong in copying code to develop the Android operating system now used on most smartphones.  To create Android, which was released in 2007, Google wrote millions of lines of new computer code.  It also used about 11,500 lines of code copyrighted as part of Oracle's Java platform.A fake Kaitlin Bennett quote is spreading in the form of an altered image. Image forensics suggests someone altered an image to create the fake quote.Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemJane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.The video, debuting on BarackObama.com and promoted through various social media, arrives on the eve of a joint President and First Lady event designed to target mothers of uninsured millennials as they arrive home for their holidays. In the clip, a mother and father call their son, presumably about to drive home for Christmas dinner, and warn him that they have something “very important” to talk to him about. The son spends the entire drive home fretting about the worst case scenario (“Your father and I are moving in with you!”) and inexplicably expecting arbitrary pop culture references (“I am the one who knocks!“). The “reveal” that the parents want to talk about health insurance is predictable, as is the fact that the son is, above all, relieved. “That’s it?” he asks.The ad, titled “Get Ready To Have The Talk,” plays like an ’80s anti-drug PSA, urging parents to use the holidays as a stage for an intervention to stop something unhealthy in their children’s lives. The fact that it happens at the dinner itself (though the accompanying Twitter graphic shows the actor playing the son mid-hot chocolate later in the night) instructs parents to directly address the Obama administration’s agenda in the middle of what, for many celebrating the night, is a religious celebration devoid of political meaning.The targeted advertising appears to be a last-minute attempt to reverse devastating trends in the Affordable Care Act’s and the President’s nosedive in the public opinion polls as the year wanes and HealthCare.gov continues to fail millions. A Harvard Institute of Politics poll released this month shows 57% of young Americans ages 18-29 disapprove of the ACA and 52% would support removing the President from office. The targeting of parents also appears to be a direct reaction to dwindling support for Obamacare among white women.Apparently, the White House hopes changing mothers’ minds will cause a trickle down effect that reaches the young uninsured. Or, at least, that is what Democrats should hope the White House is doing, because the video demonstrates a prodigious lack of understanding of youth culture today. It makes sense. Young people today were not the young people of five years ago–the young people who truly believed in President Obama–and to the White House, it seems that all these new young people do is quote Breaking Bad at each other in their plaid onesies. It’s a Hail Mary pass from an administration that was previously unstoppable in reaching out to young Americans, one perhaps that is their only move after HealthCare.gov failed so extraordinarily that Ezra Klein wondered aloud why someone in the administration hasn’t been fired over it. We’ll have to wait until next week to see just how many parents take this advice, but the outlook doesn’t seem to be so bright if this is the last PR resort.PoliticsWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Sen. Cornyn calls for end to programRepublican Sen. John Cornyn -- citing Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius' recent admission that felons potentially could become ObamaCare navigators as well as new undercover video showing questionable behavior by these officials -- called Monday for the program to be halted.Cornyn ripped the program after conservative activist James O'Keefe released a new video that appears to depict ObamaCare navigators, in Cornyn's home state of Texas, encouraging applicants to fib on their applications."This behavior is unacceptable, and is yet another broken piece of a deeply flawed system. The Obama administration should stop this program immediately," Cornyn said in a statement. "Texans should not be purposefully misled and more importantly, their privacy should not be put at risk."The "navigators" are workers who are supposed to help people sign up for health care coverage under the new health law.Reports continue to roll in about problems with the program, after a group formed from the ruins of ACORN announced earlier this year it was getting in on the sign-up effort.The United Labor Unions Council Local 100, a New Orleans-based nonprofit, said in September it would take part in a multi-state "navigator" drive to help people enroll in President Obama's health care plan. The labor council was established by ACORN founder Wade Rathke after his larger group was broken up amid scandal in 2009.The video from O'Keefe, who played a big role in dismantling ACORN, adds to the concern.The newly released video from O'Keefe's Project Veritas are similar to past sting operations his group has conducted, including against ACORN. Using hidden-camera footage, the latest shows actors posing as ObamaCare applicants -- and unsuspecting navigators giving questionable advice.In one, workers with a community center in Irving, Texas, are shown telling one actor that he shouldn't reveal anything about smoking, because it could jack up his premiums."You lie, because your premiums will be higher," one says.Another chimes in, "Don't tell them that."In another video, from a National Urban League office in Dallas, an actor is told not to declare income he has earned on the side because it could cause problems with the government."Don't get yourself in trouble by declaring it now," one worker says."Yeah, it didn't happen," another says."Our organization has taken immediate steps to address the actions of the identified employees and investigate the full context of what occurred in our Dallas and Irving offices," a statement released by The Urban League of Greater Dallas said."In addition, we support actions by the Department of Health & Human Services to decertify the three Navigators-in-training featured in the video, and The Urban League of Greater Dallas has suspended these employees until further notice," the statement said.O'Keefe's group says it will release more videos of its "ObamaCare investigations" in the coming weeks that will show fraud and abuse in the system."This investigation shows just how vulnerable Obamacare is to fraud," O'Keefe said in a statement.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Obama says in interview with NBC he's sorrySome people are losing their health coverage due to Affordable Care ActObama said previously Americans could keep their plans if they liked themNEW: House will vote next week on bill allowing Americans to keep their health plans
  President Barack Obama apologized Thursday to those Americans whose insurance plans are being canceled due to the federal health law he championed even though he said repeatedly they could keep their coverage if they liked.

  “I am sorry that they are finding themselves in this situation based on assurances they got from me,” he told NBC News in an exclusive interview.

  “We’ve got to work hard to make sure that they know we hear them and we are going to do everything we can to deal with folks who find themselves in a tough position as a consequence of this,” he added. 

  Obama’s comments come days after he attempted to clarify what he meant when he assured Americans in previous years that they would be able to keep their plans under the Affordable Care Act, a controversy that is prompting legislation in Congress to address it.

  Obama further alters ‘you can keep your plan’ pledge

  Republicans have hammered Obama over the promise since insurers began discontinuing coverage for some of the 12 million Americans who buy individual policies on the private market that don’t meet Obamacare requirements for more comprehensive care.

  GOP moves past troubled Obamacare website

  Insurance companies appear to be doing this for a variety of reasons; some are pulling all their plans from certain states where they have fewer subscribers in order to save money. 

  In many cases, affected policyholders are being squeezed. They either don’t qualify for subsidies to lower the cost of new premiums or they may have to pay more in the health care exchange marketplace. 

  When Obama says he’s looking to fix it, he primarily means steps that can be taken administratively, senior administration officials said.

  Some experts suggest one possible approach would be to ask insurers to delay the cancellation of plans and extend them into the New Year so that people are not left without insurance. That has been done, for example, in the state of California.

  But House Speaker John Boehner said an Obama apology was in order and said the Republican-led House had its own plan in mind.

  “What Americans want to hear is that the President is going to keep his promise. That’s why the House will vote next week to allow anyone with a health care plan they like to keep it,” Boehner said. “If the President is sincerely sorry that he misled the American people, the very least he can do is support this bipartisan effort. Otherwise, this apology doesn’t amount to anything.”

  The administration eventually knew that many policies would be changed by the insurance carriers after Obamacare was introduced, and the associated political uproar since its October 1 online rollout has also angered Democrats and fueled Republican efforts to extend related controversies onto the campaign trail.

  Vulnerable Senate Democrats voice concerns

  In 2010, the Health and Human Services Department estimated that 40% to 67% of individual plans would eventually lose their “grandfathered” status, which only was conferred if a plan was purchased before the health care law was approved in 2010.

  Although Obama said the “buck stops” with him on Obamacare problems to date – including the rocky rollout of the website – he still was resolute that his initiative to provide coverage for the uninsured and better coverage for many others would be better for the country.

  “Most of the folks who … got these cancellation letters, they’ll be able to get better care at the same cost or cheaper in these new marketplaces,” Obama said, also noting that “we have to make sure” people do not feel as if they’ve been betrayed by an effort carried out with their best interests in mind.

  “They’ll have more choice, they’ll have more competition. They’re part of a bigger pool. The insurance companies are going to be hungry for their business. So the majority of folks will end up being better off,” he said.

  Key elements of the health law prohibit discrimination for pre-existing conditions and require new plans cover maternity care, mental health and other areas. The program was developed to put comprehensive care within reach of millions of uninsured Americans.

  About 95% of legal U.S. residents receive health insurance through private employers or the federal government, the Obama administration says. But more than 48 million Americans don’t have any coverage.

  Debunking 4 Obamacare myths: Both sides get it wrong

  Obama’s apology comes a week after similar refrains were made by Vice President Joe Biden and Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius regarding the botched Obamacare online rollout.

  Five things we learned from Obamacare records

  WH: Chief tech officer too busy for congressional testimony

  Asked if he thinks Americans will be able to trust what he says in the future, Obama said he thinks he’ll ultimately be “judged on whether” Obamacare is better for Americans overall.

  “When you try to do something big like make our health care system better … there are going to be problems along the way, even if ultimately what you’re doing is going to make a whole lot of people better off, and I hope that people will look at the end product and they’re going to be able to look back and say, you know what, we now have protections we didn’t have before,” he said.

  In the NBC interview, Obama reiterated the administration’s line that he’s “confident” a “majority of people” will be able to use the website and apply for insurance by November 30. But he did not say whether he would push back the March 31 deadline to enroll or the penalty for those who do not purchase insurance.

  Obamacare depends on younger, healthier Americans to buy into the program and pay premiums to offset costs for covering older people who need more health care. Those without insurance who do not sign up for a plan face a fine.

  What else could go wrong with Obamacare?

  A Gallup poll conducted just over a week ago showed 36% of Americans said they didn’t think that in the long run the Affordable Care Act would make much of a difference to their family’s health care situation. Just over a third said the health care law would make matters worse, and one in four said that Obamacare would make things better.

  Opinion: Here’s the truth about Obamacare

  CNN’s Brianna Keilar, Gloria Borger and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.Before the dust settled on the news that the Obama Administration was delaying the intrusive employer mandate until 2015, a new 606-page regulation was issued on Friday by the Department of Health and Human Services stating it would now rely on self-reported income and employment verification in the state-run exchanges under ObamaCare. In other words, a welcome mat for fraud.This is another startling development which is becoming part of a larger theme as ObamaCare is rolled out to the public. It is clear that the Affordable Care Act is unworkable. For those like myself who opposed it from the start, we saw the writing on the wall early on as President Obama’s signature health care legislation was rammed through the halls of Congress. If only then-Speaker Pelosi had insisted that her party read the legislation before passing it, maybe some of this would have come to light earlier on. While the eventual passage of the legislation was certain under Democrat control of Congress, maybe some Democrats now sounding the alarm about the devastating impact of the legislation would have done so sooner if they had read it while it was still a bill, not only after it became law.As of now, ObamaCare is $1 trillion over budget; I say “as of now” because it’s almost certain that with the elimination of the anti-fraud measures the cost will further skyrocket, and there are examples to back up this theory.In January, the Illinois Department of Healthcare and Family Services began an effort to remove ineligible people from the state’s Medicaid rolls. The initial audit concluded that of the first 20,500 recipients screened, it was recommended 13,709 be removed from eligibility. The Chicago Tribune reports that “since 2000, Illinois Medicaid rolls have doubled, from fewer than 1.4 million people to nearly 2.8 million, or more than 1 in 5 Illinoisans.” In part because of the rising Medicaid rolls, the state’s backlog of unpaid bills is expected to grow to $21 billion by fiscal year 2018.States are fascinating laboratories of democracy that can provide brilliant blueprints for other states and the federal government to follow. However, states can also serve as flashing red lights when plans go wrong. Illinois is a great example of how a lack of anti-fraud measures can drain a state’s coffers. As President Obama’s home state, he would be wise to take notice.President Reagan famously said “trust but verify.” In light of the notion that the U.S. health care system makes up one-eighth of the economy, it’s my hope that this administration will grasp hold of this sensible advice.PoliticsChicagoCongress.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWashington (CNN) – House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi said Sunday neither she nor President Barack Obama misled the American people when they said, during the run-up to the passage of Obamacare, that people could keep their health insurance plans.Pelosi clarified their remarks, saying they only meant people could keep their plans if they had already signed up before Obama signed the bill in 2010.

[twitter-follow screen_name='politicalticker'] [twitter-follow screen_name='gregclarycnn']"(Obama is) gracious and he's taking responsibility,” Pelosi said on NBC’s “Meet The Press.” “But that doesn't mean there's anything in the law that said if you like what you had before 2010, you couldn't keep it."The Affordable Care Act allows for people to keep their health plans if they had signed up before the bill was enacted - but not after.Fact Check: If you liked your health plan, you can keep your health planThe president repeatedly said during the campaign for health care reform that if people liked their insurance plans they could keep them.Following many health plan cancellation notices – a million in California alone – Obama told the American people Thursday he’s responsible for not having been clear.“I completely get how upsetting this can be for a lot of Americans, particularly after assurances they heard from me that if they had a plan that they liked, they could keep it. And to those Americans, I hear you loud and clear,” Obama said.The President offered a short-term fix, allowing people who have had plans canceled to remain on them for an additional year. On Friday, the House passed a bill, with bipartisan support, allowing people to stay on their plans permanently. It’s unclear whether that bill will have a chance to move forward or if Obama might even veto it if it passed in the Senate.The fumbling – Obama’s word - rollout of Obamacare may take a toll on Democratic prospects in next year’s midterm elections, even though the party came out on top in opinion polls following a government shutdown last month. That shutdown now seems like a distant memory."I don't think you can tell what will happen next year, but I will tell you this: Democrats stand tall in support of the Affordable Care Act,” Pelosi said.“What's important about it is that the American people get served, not who gets re-elected.”I think the 39 democrats who sided with Boehner and the Kochs will be toast in 2014.I watched the affordable care act drama from beginning to end from 2009 to 2010.
Democrats wanted to pass one health care reform bill that is it.  They didn’t do the proper research and the copied the bill from Romney care and Heritage foundation proposal Let democrats pay some fineThis woman Nancy Pelosi is quite smart in her head. She is right. Why should people re-elect those who didn't do the job they were elected for? If people will think so deeply on this, as they have already done by rating them at 9% of the job they are doing, does it really make any sense to re-elect them even if one issue – Obamacare fails completely? There are still many outstanding issues which are as important as Obamacare is, and those elected and need to be re-elected, don't bother at all to tackle them.Get ready for another Ted Cruz / Mike Lee Green Eggs and Ham government shutdown .Why is it so difficult for America to have Affordable Healthcare , did Canada , Germany , England have this kind of opposition during the implication of there healthcare system ?No , because they would never allow big healthcare providers , big insurance corporations and big pharmaceutical companies to call the shots.Nothing is going to save the GOP because of their lies and incompetence and obstruction sence 2010. What, do you think we forgot about it, and then theirs YOUR 25 billion dallar loss off of GDP that you and Cruz and lee and the rest of the teaparty losers CAUSED, and you think your going to be rewarded for your incompetence. NO!!!!This woman is a sociopath and needs to be removed from public office.All things are relative.First, the ACA rollout-while flawed continues to enroll thousands of Americans into health care insurance plans- many for the first time, or for the first time in years. Yes, things may not have gone as planned, but for the vast majority, their existing policies are unaffected and for more, they now have coverage against illness and bankruptcy- something the GOP clearly is against.Second, the GOP is whistling past the graveyard here. Americans may rightly be angry about the ACA rollout and needs to hold Democrats accountable, but really what about the GOP? First and most obvious- they have no health care plan- so one must assume they like the "system" (as they call it) that kills 48,000 a year, and is the leading cause of bankruptcy in our nation.More significantly, the GOP has their government shutdown that put a million federal workers and contractors into forced unemployment; crushed local tourism around U.S. National Parks and monuments; and cost the nation $24 billion. Add to that the House GOP then voting for the U.S. to default on it's financial obligations- those they refuse to fund through the normal budget process. This from so-called "fiscal conservatives".No sir, the GOP tried to blackmail the President and hold the nation hostage so they could keep Americans from the dream of affordable health care insurance. When that radical gambit failed, they then voted to crash the economy (again).  For many- that is sedition and treason.One side: badly executed federal policy, the other: anti-government, anti-American lunacy. I know who I'm not voting for, ever again!Right wingnuts need to be removed from office, as they are nothing more than domestic terrorists.freedom
This woman is a sociopath and needs to be removed from public office.
_______________
That's really funny coming from the side of the aisle that claims Michelle Bachmann, Ted Cruz, Sarah Palin, Mike Lee and a whole host of lunatic radicals as their best and brightest. At least Ms. Pelosi is working for average Americans- the GOP? Not so much.WHAT A TANGLED WEB WE WEAVE, WHEN FIRST WE PRACTICE TO DECEIVE. Bummer said, If you like your plan, you can keep it Period. There was no if's and or but's about it. No trying to hide the Truth here. Lies up front and center. Now let's see how many are buying it. Oh, and old Gunderson Queen of England. True fact.Free people are born as free individuals owing nothing to anyone.
Free people have the Natural Right to do whatever they choose to do for their own benefit.
Free people have the Right to think and speak, and act in any way they choose that does not prevent another from doing the same.
Free people have the right to live how they want and be friends or lovers with whoever they choose.
Free people have the right to their identity, to share their private information with only those they choose.
Free people have the right to choose who they will care for and all others deserve nothing that they own.
Free people have the right to choose how they live and how they will die.All of these are Natural Rights.  No one, and No Government, gives these rights to us. We will never stop resisting with Civil Disobedience to all those that try to take them away.Hahaha...pelosi. What a jokeWhy is it that every SOCIALIST leader is a MULTI-MILLIONAIRE?  Distribute your wealth Nancy and then we will listen to you.another lie the lying liers lie about.Nice try on spinning a losing position. Real translation: A Katrina type event for President Obama. 2014 doesn't look good.Pelosi defends Obamacare claims, can’t predict effect on Dems in midterms
----it is called doubling down on the obamacare lies.  what else can they do?  lying and deceit are the democrats staple.  now all of america knows the democrats and obama are nothing but pathological lairs.  and the midterm elections?  only the democrats from the democrat gerrymandered districts will be safe.  the nine red state democrat senators are toast as are all the democrat reps in competitive districts.  2010 will look like a walk in the park compared to what awaits them in 2014 after this massive fraud on the american people.Louis Buller "Louie" Gohmert , is what America needs. wants , and deserves.Fast talker , deep thinker and good looks .Louie Gohmert / Sarah Palin 2016Obama & Pelosi LIE to the American people, and the wingnut lefties not only condone but support this behavior all in the name of the "greater good".  If done in the name of progressive progress, they are for it; if done in the name of personal responsibility or on constitutional grounds they are against it.  Sad.  Nanny state thinking is dictatorship under the guise of making things "better".  "Do it MY way, because I know what is best for YOU", is the mantra of the wingnut left.The  39 dems who voted with the repubs are probably like Georgia's Representative Barrow. His rural South Georgia district is red as can be, and if he is 'toast', there will be a repub in his seat in 2014.I'm sure Pres. Obama would rather have 39 dems vote with the repubs on this symbolic vote, with little or no chance of passage into law,than have most of those seats go repub next election.Pelosi is pathetic.  She passed it so she could read it.  She probably should have read it first so she, Obama and the rest of the Democrats wouldn't have lied repeatedly to the American people.Keep on ranting about what went wrong, Republicans, but don't lift a hand to help correct the mistakes.  Keep on claiming to be the ones who are looking out for our best interests, while closing down the Government, refusing to pass the Jobs Bill, and Immigration Bill, and others.  Keep on blaming our President for lying, when you've done nothing but lie since our President took office in 2009.  Keep on .. do nothing.  You .. Republicans in Congress, will join the less fortunate Republicans who lost in 2012.  We will help you.The Democrats "Botoxed Face Lies" are coming home to roost.The people of America have finally seen the truth.......and they need to show these Dems who passed a bill they hadn't even read, created by the WH, and NOT the Congress, the DOOR!How can anyone on this page defend obamacare? The 'radical nuts', as you like to call conservatives, were right all along. He said it, but didn't mean it that way really works for you people? No wonder our country losing credibility.The only reason this story isn't bigger is that the employer mandate was held off for a year. Once this part of the law is enforced get ready for an even larger back lash. Of course that's the plan. They want to force everyone into a fed plan then they can change it over to 'Single Payer'Don't just look at wants in front of your eyes, but look what's been said, done and is happening to know what will happen.On Dec. 19, the president declared a change to the Individual Mandate, a provision that led to the first lawsuit in American history where a majority of the states in this nation (26 out of 50) sued the federal government over the constitutionality of a federal law, resulting in a historic Supreme Court decision that conservative lawyers and scholars roundly condemn insofar as it upheld the Individual Mandate as a massive tax by a 5-4 vote.The Obama administration’s disastrous rollout of Obamacare has been a textbook illustration of the manifest incompetence of government to run the American healthcare system, from the humiliating website difficulties to the eye-popping costs of skyrocketing monthly insurance premiums and deductibles. The White House explains that it would be unfair under these circumstances to penalize Americans who attempt to obtain insurance through the Obamacare exchanges but are unable to do so.Therefore the president has declared a “hardship exemption” for Americans encountering those difficulties. There will be a grace period for at least part of 2014. The White House has not specified a firm date of when this exemption will definitely end, or how they will be able to distinguish with certainty people who earnestly tried to obtain insurance versus those who are gaming the system.But this exemption, like those that came before it, is illegal. The language of ACA’s Section 1501 is to impose a truly-mandatory Individual Mandate. Conservatives insist that even if all the provisions in the ACA are applied, the system will not work financially. But even liberals admit that if the Individual Mandate is not in force, then you do not bring in enough revenue from young, healthy adults to pay for the staggering cost of the massive new entitlements and programs that the ACA creates. Without the Individual Mandate, you get a “death spiral” of growing deficits that will render health insurance companies insolvent and deprive healthcare providers of payment for their life-saving treatments.In Section 1513 of the Affordable Care Act (ACA), the Employer Mandate (the requirement for companies employing 50+ people) specifies that this requirement for employers to offer insurance goes into effect Jan. 1, 2014. When Obama announced over the summer that he was suspending that requirement until 2015, he said he has the power to “tweak” a law so long as that tweaking “doesn’t go to the essence of the law.”That’s dead wrong under the U.S. Constitution. Ironically, it would not apply here anyway, since some of these provisions like the Individual Mandate and the Employer Mandate are two of the most important provisions of the entire ACA and are essential to the ACA’s core operations. However, even if they were insignificant provisions, the Constitution does not permit a president to change a single semicolon of a federal law by himself. Under Article I of the Constitution, every law must either pass the House, the Senate, and be signed by the president, or if the president vetoes the bill instead of signing it, then it must pass the House and Senate a second time, by a two-thirds super-majority vote in each chamber. That is the only process by which federal law can be made. Everything else is illegal. Many laws authorize top administrative officials to develop regulations carrying the force of law to implement some provision in the law. Other laws contain provisions that empower executive-branch officials to suspend or modify certain legal requirements, usually for a fixed period of time and only after certain conditions are met, such as completing a study that discovers facts that are relevant to the law’s operations. This power is delegated by the terms of the statute, where the federal law-making body–Congress–votes to include such an option in a law. That is not the case with these parts of Obamacare. The changes in the law that President Obama has announced, such as telling insurers in Nov. 2013 that they could continue offering canceled policies, have been unilateral changes to mandatory terms in the federal law passed by Congress. These are provisions where Congress did not allow Obama or any of his Cabinet secretaries any discretion or options. They are requirements that bind the government and the private sector.So not only is Obamacare bad policy, but now another aspect of this program is illegal.Ken Klukowski is senior legal analyst for Breitbart News and represented Members of Congress at the Supreme Court in Obamacare litigation. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.PoliticsCongressWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
                          This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
                          or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
                          Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
                       It seems you clicked on a bad link and stumbled upon our 404 pageThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.It’s now clear that news organizations are beginning to take seriously the idea that Democrats are not uniformly on the defensive over Obamacare. Stories are beginning to note the nuances in Dem messaging, reporting that Dem candidates are sticking to a “keep and fix” message on the law, and acknowledging that calling for improvements does not constitute running away from it, despite GOP spin to the contrary. Stories are pointing out that the GOP repeal stance could also prove problematic, and that some Republicans are edging away from it.With this in mind, here’s Harry Reid, in an interview with a Nevada TV station, making the startling and counter-intuitive claim that the health law could actually be a plus for Democrats in the 2014 elections. Asked about the rollout problems, and whether they would hurt Dems, Reid replied:I don’t know if I’d go as far as Reid here — it seems obvious the law could remain a liability for embattled Democrats; the question is how much that will matter. Indeed, the Hill reports that many Senate Dems remain deeply anxious about how the law will play out and what it will mean for their chances.But the message Reid is trying to send to fellow Dems is important. The message is: We can’t go back to the old system, as Republicans would do, and voters instinctually get this. Meanwhile, over time, as more people sign up, and more positive stories emerge, the politics of this can only get better, and the Republican position will become increasingly untenable.The truth is that, whatever nervousness remains among Dems, they are mostly shaping their strategy around that premise. This has been true for awhile now — the rollout fiasco obscured it temporarily but didn’t meaningfully change much — and the coverage is beginning to catch up with this basic reality.For Democrats, turning around the D.C. media narrative on the health law is important. It would make it less likely that Dems get skittish again if there are more problems with the law in 2014, which is likely. It would also help maintain a sense of unity that would work in Dems’ favor, particularly now that there are some scattered signs of Republicans breaking away from the party’s repeal position.* MEDIA NOTES DEMS GOING ON OFFENSE ON OBAMACARE:  The New York Times has a big piece spelling out all the ways Dems will be pressing the case for the law’s benefits in the days ahead. It’s moving forward on all fronts:This was always in the works, and it was always going to happen; it was simply put on hold by the failure of the website. I’d add that this also includes Dems making the Medicaid expansion an issue against multiple GOP governors.Of course, it’s also true that there will probably be more problems with the law. If that happens, you’ll see Dems redouble efforts to drive home the consequences of repeal to offset those downsides.* REPUBLICANS STRUGGLING WITH REPEAL MESSAGE: In the above Times story, this from a Virginia Republican is key:You will be seeing more of this. Readers, along these lines, please tell me what you’re seeing from lawmakers in your states and districts.* OBAMACARE WEBSITE REPORTEDLY SHOWING IMPROVEMENTS: CBS News has a good segment reporting that people’s experiences with the website are picking up, and enrollment is surging. The more stories like this you see, the more inclined Dems will be to hold the line.* WHY DEMS ARE MAKING A BIG ISSUE OUT OF INEQUALITY: E.J. Dionne has an excellent column analyzing Obama’s big inequality speech yesterday, with this key insight:Yep. There’s precedent for this: Obama and his advisers returned to these big themes to reboot his presidency, and launch his reelection campaign, during the low point in 2011.* ECONOMY PICKING UP MOMENTUM? Reuters:A long, long way to go, however, and there are no signs that Congress will lift self-imposed austerity anytime soon, even though “demand remained sluggish.”* BUDGET DEAL TAKING SHAPE:  MSNBC’s Daily Rundown has the first figure I’ve seen on spending levels for the emerging short-term budget deal:The new revenues would almost certainly come from fees and not closing loopholes, while the cuts will probably not fall on entitlements. Which is to say: All the tough decisions are being deferred. Also: That’s a higher spending level then the sequester; it’ll be interesting to see how conservatives react.* AND GOP LEADERS SCHOOLING REPUBLICANS ON TALKING TO WOMEN: Politico scoops:Well, that’s good to hear. Do GOP policies on women’s health play any role in that gender gap?The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyUpdated 1:20 a.m. ET, 11/19/2013 – This is updated from an earlier version, adding more details.(CNN)- Washington state resident Jessica Sanford was bursting with pride when President Obama mentioned her story during a Rose Garden event on health care reform last month at the White House."Who wouldn't?" Sanford asks. "I'm a nobody really to have him mention my story."
Back in October, Sanford had written a letter to the White House to share her good news. The 48-year-old single mother of a teenage son diagnosed with ADHD had just purchased what she considered to be affordable insurance on the Washington state exchange."I was ecstatic. I couldn't wait to call the doctor for an appointment on January 2nd," Sanford told CNN about the feeling she had when she first enrolled.Her heartfelt letter made it to the President's hands and then into his October 21 speech."'I was crying the other day when I signed up. So much stress lifted.'" Obama said, reading from Sanford's letter.The president said Sanford's story was proof, despite the technical problems with the healthcare.gov website, that the Affordable Care Act was working."That's what the Affordable Care Act is all about. The point is, the essence of the law - the health insurance that's available to people - is working just fine," Obama said.But then, after Obama mentioned her story, Sanford started having problems. Sanford said she received another letter informing her the Washington state health exchange had miscalculated her eligibility for a tax credit.In other words, her monthly insurance bill had shot up from $198 a month (she had initially said $169 a month to the White House but she switched plans) to $280 a month for the same "gold" plan offered by the state exchange.Sanford said she was frustrated with the state's error. But she decided to purchase the new plan and thought everything was fine.It wasn't fine. Last week, Sanford received another letter from the Washington state exchange, stating there had been another problem, a "system error" that resulted in some "applicants to qualify for higher than allowed health insurance premium tax credits."The letter said the state exchange was "disappointed to have discovered this issue" and apologized.The result was a higher quote, which Sanford said was for $390 per month for a "silver" plan with a higher deductible. Still too expensiveA cheaper "bronze" plan, Sanford said, came in at $324 per month, but also with a high deductible - also not in her budget.Then another letter from the state exchange with even worse news."Your household has been determined eligible for a Federal Tax Credit of $0.00 to help cover the cost of your monthly health insurance premium payments," the latest letter said."I had a good cry," Sanford said about her reaction to the latest news from the state.As a self-employed court reporter, the new quote was simply out of her range."This is it. I'm not getting insurance," Sanford told CNN. "That's where it stands right now unless they fix it."Sanford, an Obama supporter who voted for the president twice, is careful to say she blames the state of Washington's online marketplace for the mixed signals and not the White House.She is sorry Obama mentioned her during the October 21 speech."I feel awful about it. I support (the Affordable Care Act)," Sanford said.But the messy rollout in the other Washington, the nation's capital, was not far from her mind."What the hell? Why is it the same story as the federal government?" Sanford says in disgust with the Washington state exchange. "They didn't have it ready.""They screwed up," she added.Sanford reiterated her frustration in a post to the Washington HealthPlanFinder's Facebook page last Friday."Wow. You guys really screwed me over," Sanford wrote. "Now I have been priced out and will not be able to afford the plans you offer. But, I get to pay $95 and up for not having health insurance. I am so incredibly disappointed and saddened. You majorly screwed up."In response, a HealthplanFinder posting tried to direct Sanford to a broker for help."Jessica, we are very sad and disappointed that the tax credit miscalculation affected you so heavily," the comment read, suggesting she try to find a new plan on the site. Sanford responded on Facebook the issue was affordability.Bethany Frey, a spokeswoman for Washington HealthPlanFinder told CNN on Monday night, "I'm already looking into this with our client specialist team. I'll let you know what I hear."This example is the best Obama could find? Obamacare is doomed.Libs blaming Republicans for this in 3...2...1What intelligent person could honestly be surprised by any of this?  After all, the government has done such a wonderful job with Social Security and the Post Office: both in debt...  Wake up!  We are better off in the open market than with out government.Duped!  This is what you Owebama disciples deserve.How many more Obamabots are waking to the realization that 'free' has to be paid by someone.There is no free, for the libs calling for single payer that's not free either.  I would just be what you currently pay for insurance if not more in a tax increase for limited care.Everyone knows health care is about making money rather than providing fair service. Even many small clinics have multimillion dollar buildings and lots of staff to push around the paperwork. You can thank providers for overcharging you. You can thank many of the insurance companies for the extra paperwork and creating a vast amount of waste. And you can thank the lawyers for making malpractice insurance a huge cost as well.Who are we trying to fool here? All she has to do is go for the silver plan."Sanford, an Obama supporter who voted for the president twice, is careful to say she blames the state of Washington's online marketplace for the mixed signals and not the White House."Looks like an advanced case of Battered Person Syndrome.I’m sure Obama will apologize for this too.  He may even add tears this time!What a complete and utter failure this law has become.You must vote for it before you can discover if they lied to you, and now you know.You get what you voted for. We tried to tell youWith a son with pre-existing conditions, she would have received no quotes and no insurance. Complaining about drizzle after its being pouring rain for 50 years is a little short sighted.She seems to have the mistaken belief that the news she is not eligible for a tax credit  is all a mistake caused by the Washington State's website. It sounds like she's just not eligible. There's nothing to fix, that's just what Obamacare is – there are winners and losers under the law, she just happens to be one of the losers. She's one of those eggs they had to break to make the wonderful cake of Obamacare.Talk about bait and switch!  I am sure the House knew about this as well when they were speaking in the rose garden.Apparently the media is growing tired of the White House selectively releasing ObamaCare data that gets to the heart of nothing but makes the program look like it is much more popular than it likely is. For instance, today the White House informed the media that between Sunday and Friday, Healthcare.gov enjoyed 3.7 million visits. We have also been told  that the site’s error rate was .077 percent, the response time averaged under a second, and a whopping (and improbable) 93% of consumers did come back later after they were asked to due to the site being too busy. As The Hill points out, though, that data is all hollow happy talk that tells us nothing about what really matters. What the White House refuses to disclose, or claims it doesn’t yet have the data to disclose, just happens to be the information that will tell us if ObamaCare is or is not working:The Obama administration is selectively releasing data and metrics on ObamaCare to bolster its case that the rollout is going better in the month of December.Tidbits of information from federal health officials — especially figures that show improvements at HealthCare.gov — have become a key tool in the effort to “reboot” the law in the eyes of the public.But the limited nature of the releases has created conflict with the media and put the spotlight on outstanding areas of concern for the rollout, such as the enrollment site’s back end.The White House has blithely changed the definition of the world “enrollee” to someone who has not yet enrolled, but has only selected an insurance plan and placed it into a shopping cart. Studies show that the abandonment rate for shopping carts is 67%. Up until now, though, the media have breathlessly reported “enrollment” numbers spoon-fed to them by the White House without doing any of their own independent reporting to find out how many have actually enrolled. Maybe those days are coming to an end. The Hill points out the other vital metrics the White House has thus far not released:Since late October, federal health officials have touted traffic to the site, error rates and page load times almost daily in an effort to illustrate positive changes.Enrollment figures are only discussed monthly, and leaked sign-up numbers are not confirmed. Vital information for judging the growing risk pools, such as applicants’ ages, goes undiscussed.The administration appears to have largely chosen data over anecdotes as the most powerful way to communicate site improvements to the media.The metrics released are difficult to independently verify, but provide easy headlines and talking points for anxious supporters of the Affordable Care Act, including congressional Democrats.Another area where the White House has dissembled rather than been forthcoming involves the number of meetings between Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and President Obama during the three years after the passage of ObamaCare. A Government Accountability Institute study finds only a single meeting between the two recorded on any White House calendar or log. Friday, Jay Carney would only say that the two met frequently, but provided no details. While we are sure to be hit with all kinds of selective data leaks before the end of the year that are only meant to make ObamaCare look successful, The Hill reports that a number that will not be released until the end of the year is a breakdown of those who are truly enrolled — in other words, those who have actually paid for a premium.The fact that the White House always has positive data that sounds good but means nothing, but never the data that matters, has raised the suspicions of the American people from the beginning. It is good to know now, that after two-plus months of this Administration Hustle, the media has apparently had enough.  Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC        MediaNBCWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Millions of Americans are getting their health insurance canceled under the Affordable Care Act and the Obama administration has known for about three years that this would happen, NBC News is reporting.About 50% to 75% of 14 million consumers who buy health insurance individually will receive a "cancellation" letter or its equivalent in the next year because their current policies don't meet the standards laid out by the new law, the news organization reports, citing four sources deeply involved in ACA.Of those who will be forced to buy new insurance, many will face huge price increases, NBC reports.Initially, the administration stipulated that policies in effect as of March 23, 2010, could be "grandfathered" or kept even if they don't meet the requirements of the new law. Later, the Department of Health and Human Services wrote regulations that narrowed that provision to dictate that if any part of those policies, such as co-pay or benefits, had substantially changed since then, they would not longer be grandfathered in.NBC alleges the administration knew that up to 67% of customers on the individual market could have their policies canceled, but instead, President Obama said as recently as in 2012, "If (you) already have health insurance, you will keep your health insurance."The White House told NBC that people whose policies will be canceled will, in most cases, be automatically shifted to plans with better protections."Nothing in the Affordable Care Act forces people out of their health plans," White House spokeswoman Jessica Santillo told the news organization.White House spokesman Jay Carney acknowledged that some plans would not meet the new minimum standards and would "not qualify for the Affordable Care Act."Washington (CNN) – The No. 3 House Democrat on Sunday blamed a culture of sound bites for President Barack Obama's reneged promise that Americans would be able to keep their existing health insurance plans under the Affordable Care Act. "And this is a sound bite that the President probably needed to take some more time to explain to the American people," Rep. James Clyburn, D-South Carolina, said Sunday on CNN's "State of the Union with Candy Crowley."

[twitter-follow screen_name='politicalticker'] [twitter-follow screen_name='KilloughCNN']After millions of people received cancellation notices for their health plans, Obama faced considerable pushback over his promise to Americans that the new health care reform would not affect those who are already happy with their insurance policies. "If you like your health insurance, you can keep it," Obama repeatedly told Americans when selling his signature piece of legislation. After that turned out not to be the case, Obama on Thursday announced his administration would allow insurance companies to extend those canceled policies for a year. Clyburn, the House assistant Democratic leader, said Obama relied too heavily on a sound bite-friendly selling point, rather than spelling out that he was only referring to plans in place before the Affordable Care Act became law in 2010 and hadn't changed since. Fact Check: If you liked your health plan, you can keep your health plan"One of the things in Washington that I dislike more than anything else is when people say to me, 'If you're explaining it, you're losing it.' I don't like that at all. I really believe the American people are deserving of explanations," he said, also blaming the media for not fully explaining the new legislation. With recent polls showing the President is considered less trustworthy than in the past, Obama on Thursday said he expects he'll need to regain Americans' faith after the rocky rollout of HealthCare.gov and his broken promise about existing plans.Clyburn said he was confident Obama can do so."Paradise lost, paradise regained. When you lose something you can find it again," he said. "The President admitted that he expects to be held responsible for regaining the Americans' trust, and I think he will."Watch State of the Union with Candy Crowley Sundays at 9am ET. For the latest from State of the Union click here.tony – you are ridiculous. Most people in a single payor system would love the options available in the US compared to a what they are "stuck" with in the single payor system. You see, in the single payor system, people don't have the choice of a particular procedure or a medication....they are simply told what they can and can't have. I work in the healthcare industry and I have seen/heard firsthand the horror stories of the cancer patient being denied the chemotherapy drug that made her feel better because her provincial government felt it wasn't necessary so they wouldn't cover it.  If she wanted the drug outstide the insurance company, it would cost her $5000/month. Or the guy with bilateral knee pain who had to wait 8 months just to get an MRI on ONE knee and ANOTHER 8 months to get the MRI on the other knee.  Or the guy with painful varicose veins who inquired about the new, minimally invasive vein stripping that is less painful, and requires only 1 day of downtown and missed work but was told that the government insurance only covered the archaic operative stripping that required 2 weeks off of work and was more painful with greater risk of complications.  It's more than just premiums, payments, etc.  The most important thing about the US healthcare system is the availability of CHOICE and involvement in your care. People in single payor systems don't question their care because they can't – they have no choice.  They can't decide if they have some rare disease to travel to the center with the greatest experience and outcomes managing this disease.  Instead they are relegated to their local hospital, local physicians, local experience. If that sounds appealing to you – go for it....move to a country with a single-payor system and pray that you don't fall ill...So, Mr. Clyburn, did you read the bill?Sound bites are all politicians use, in part because that's about the attention span of the average American voter.The problem here is basically a timeline problem. January 1, 2014 should have been the date when three things happened:a) The first policies purchased through the exchanges take effect on January 1, 2014.b) Policies that don't meet ACA guidelines could no longer be sold starting January 1, 2014.c) People can keep any policies in effect prior to January 1, 2014 under a grandfather provision as long as they are not changed significantly.The timeline problem is that for three and a half years now insurers have been able to sell policies that don't meet the ACA's guidelines and don't qualify for the grandfathering provision. Instead of letting people keep any policies in effect prior to January 1, 2014, the cutoff was when the bill took effect in March 2010.That was dumb. The bill should never have been written that way. Had it been written as I suggested the only time the ACA would require the cancellation of a policy is if the terms of the policy (other than premium) changed after January 1, 2014.I am not suprised. He has not once backed a promise he has made. He is obviously a president who just wants his way and does not care about the American people.Obama is the "Sound Bite" President.  How can anyone be surprised at this?And the slows will continue to vote lib................Look, this whole thing smelled badly from the get-go.  When you let some guy with no experience at managing anything take the big stage, you get what you get.  He never fooled me for a moment.......I sat by uncomfortably waiting for something like this to happen.Worst POTUS ever!!!  EVER!!!The soundbite I remember:  "I'm going to change the way things work in Washington."From the Obama dictionary : "soundbite" – Bold faced lie.Why is it always about Obama and his credibility?  Millions of people had their policies cancelled due to this awful bill that was never read and its still about him. Can we agree he is an incompetent liberal and move on?Ton"...Having lots of experience of both sides, I don't know anyone on the single payer system who would swap to the US (Reagan-who-cares) "system""
_____________________________
then why are people coming to the USA for treatment they cannot get fr their "single payer system"? See the the guy coming here for gastric bypass b/c he cannot have it done in UK. See the siamese twins fr Germany that came here to  be separated. None of this is available in their countries. The best doctors in the world are here in USA. Thanks to Obamacare they will be just like the "single payer countries", gone!Tony in STLTony STL-"Our President has the WORST supporting cast I've ever seen! He's done an excellent job, however the people around him have been totally ineffective. You will be fired! Our President doesn't have to worry about that, now does he? How sad. God bless our President and the US!"
______________________________________
Typical liberal kool aid drinker. Its not Obama's fault its Bush, Republicans, media, Arab Springs, sponteaneous attack by demostrators, few rogue agents in in Cincinnati, Tea party, FBI, CIA, DC  and now its the people that Obama himself, hired fault. Obama is responsbile for nothing right? Truly amazing!!!"Sound bytes" – Is that wht they call bald-faced lies in DC these days?The insurance company didn't sucker Obama into anything... This is just Obama's way of attempting to spread the wealth... He's not spreading the wealth as he is attempting to force more people on welfare and gov. controlled lives.. Don't want it... Never wanted bama as president and sure as heck don't want a medicaid insurance.He lied get over it.  It's not his first or his last.Too many bad moves by the President.  Obamacare, Benghazi, Eavesdropping, IRS.  Washington needs to go-return State's rights.There is no recovery from this inexcusable bald-face lie. Coupled with the amateur roll out of this ridiculous website, I would say this falls neatly into the category of EPIC FAIL! Presidency defined! NEXT!A politician complains about sound bites? I guess the next thing is complaining about breathing air.This guy has always received a free pass.  Just watch, the media boosters will work overtime to help shift the blame for this fiasco to the insurance industry.....afraid the saying that we deserve the government we vote for is true.  So sad what has happened to this once great country.How is the media supposed to explain the Affordable Care Act when folks like Nancy Pelosi didn't bother to read it. They passed a sham of a bill without reading it.  And I quote "We Have to Pass the Bill So That You Can Find Out What Is In It" – Nancy Pelosiits the people that should be fired  how stupid can you be you didnt see this coming ?????? most would give up organs as long as they got to truffle off to their under paid, over taxed job  and if obama said you can get a tax deduction with obama care and long as you got rifd they would do itThe reason he didn't explain it more clearly is because if he did the law wouldn't have passed.  The President, his staff and the Democrat leadership all knew this was going to happen based on their own studies while drafting the law.  And they're okay with that because they need all these people to lose their coverage and be forced into the exchanges.  It's the only way for the law to succeed.President Obama is nothing but a "sound bite"!Seems to me the Democratic leaders are running scared and hanging the President out to dry...Pelosi's performance over the weekend was priceless...she was a primary proponent (and healthcare staockholder), her staff (ie Lobbyists) were the primary authors...but we have to pass it to see what's in it...Pelosi and Reid have to go...Dozens of times (that we know of) over his campaign to pass ObamaCare and to win re-election, President Obama lied to the American people about being able to keep the health insurance they like. But that lie has only been replaced with another: the lie that these cancellations will be limited to the 5% of Americans in the individual marketplace — when the truth is that these cancellations have only just begun.Over at National Review, in a piece appropriately titled “Lying About Lies,” Michael Tanner reports that the same ObamaCare formula currently wiping out the individual market is about to rain hell on the employer-based market. The result will be that tens of millions of policies will be wiped out. This is a secret that is and always has been hiding in plain sight. As far back as last March, the media dutifully reported that the CBO reported that these cancellations were coming. So the media knew Obama was lying during the campaign but never said a word to spread this truth — oh, except to call Mitt Romney a liar for telling the truth. All these Democrats and members of the elite media now pretending they don’t or didn’t know… Please. Just as the media knew Obama was lying about people in the individual market being able to keep their insurance, the media also know that the same apocalypse looms for the employer-based market. It is not conservatives making this estimate, it is the Congressional Budget Office. [emphasis mine]But the same conditions that are causing the cancellation of individual policies will eventually result in the cancellation of millions of employment-based policies as well. The only reason that hasn’t happened yet is that the employer mandate was postponed for a year, so employer plans don’t yet have to be ACA-compliant. But they will. Even the Congressional Budget Office estimates that as many as 20 million workers will lose their current employer-sponsored plans. Combine that with those losing individual plans, and more than 30 million Americans cannot keep their current insurance.ObamaCare’s latest trick is the “junk plan hustle.” Over and over, we keep hearing about how our White House overlords are doing Americans a favor by canceling the insurance they like and replacing it with “appropriate” health plans. But most of those plans are not junk plans. That is just another lie the White House is telling, and the media are letting them get away with it. The media know the White House is lying about this junk plan nonsense because the ObamaCare guidelines for what isn’t a “junk plan” only includes 2% of the policies currently in existence. According to HealthPocket, a health-insurance consulting firm, fewer than 2 percent of individual plans on offer today meet all ACA requirements. The most frequent reason for noncompliance was not a failure to cover hospitalization, as the administration has suggested, but not providing pediatric care, including vision and dental care for children. A worthwhile benefit, perhaps, but if you are childless, it’s hard to see how lacking such a benefit makes your policy subpar.This is why other serious think tanks believe that before this nightmare is over, up to 93 million people could lose the insurance Obama promised they could keep. In order to buy time, Obama, Democrats, and the media are trying to con the American people into believing that the rolling ObamaCare catastrophe is compartmentalized to just 5% of the population. This conspiracy of silence is all about trying to contain through a lie of omission what is a legitimate reason for the public to panic as soon as they realize that … they are next. Obama is not sorry for lying. And the media are not sorry for covering up that lie for three years. The phase we are in now is nothing more than a 2.0 version of that exact same lie.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC        PoliticsMitt RomneyWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartDo Not Sell In the early afternoon, many visitors were greeted with a message saying the site had a lot of visitors and asked people to wait. By about 2 pm, the site appeared to be operating normally and users were directed to log in or create an account.  Earlier in the day, applicants to healthcare.gov found a message saying that the system was down for scheduled maintenance. Visitors were advised to try again later or enter their email address to receive notice when the site is working again.  The exchange's tech team encountered an error during routine maintenance on Thursday night, said Joanne Peters, a spokeswoman for the Department of Health and Human Services. Repairs began at 10 a.m. Friday and were estimated to take two to three hours.  The outage came shortly before President Obama was set to hold a news conference before leaving for vacation.  And it came at a very inopportune time for the rollout of Obamacare. Americans in the states using the federal exchange have until the end of Monday to pick a plan on healthcare.gov to be eligible for coverage beginning Jan. 1.  The administration has said that those who encounter problems signing up can qualify for a special enrollment period, but it has not provided details on how it would work.  As 2013 draws to a close, administration officials are scrambling to smooth over remaining Obamacare problems.  Late Thursday, the White House announced that individual policy holders who received termination notices could qualify for a hardship exemption and buy catastrophic plans on the exchanges. And, after pressure from the administration, insurers announced applicants could pay their first month's premiums as late as Jan. 10 and receive coverage retroactive to Jan. 1.  --CNN's Kevin Liptak contributed to this report. 
        Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2019 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc.2019. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2019 and/or its affiliates.
        © 2020 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.
        
        CNN Sans™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. CGI Federal, the company responsible for building the problem-plagued Web site for the Affordable Care Act, won the job because of what federal officials deemed a “technically superior” proposal, according to government documents and people familiar with the decision.Not considered in the 2011 selection process was the history of numerous executives at CGI Federal, who had come from another company that had mishandled at least 20 other government ­information technology projects more than a decade ago. But federal officials were not required to examine that long-term track record, which included a highly publicized failure to automate retirement benefits for millions of federal workers.By 2011, CGI Federal already had been cleared to do government work at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), the agency overseeing the rollout of the new health-care law.The company had been included in a pool of pre-screened, approved contractors in 2007, during the George W. Bush administration, and only firms in that pool were later allowed to bid for the Affordable Care Act work. It was at that earlier time that the problems at American Management Systems, the Fairfax County IT contractor acquired by CGI, would have figured into the assessment of CGI Federal, contracting experts say.In hindsight, one former CMS official said, the AMS record “could well have knocked [CGI Federal] out of the competition, and probably should have.”In light of the bungled launch of the health-care Web site, critics have repeatedly asked how CGI Federal got the contract, and there has been widespread speculation on online news sites and blogs that the firm was selected because of political ties to the Obama administration.But a review of internal documents and interviews with former and current federal officials show that the selection process was walled off from politics.Career officials at CMS, working out of an obscure Baltimore-based contracting office, focused in 2011 on the proposals submitted by four bidders, examining technical competency and cost while giving relatively little attention to past performance. Since 2007, CGI Federal had won 17 other CMS jobs under the pre-screened contract, worth several hundred million dollars.The review of CGI Federal concluded there was “no evidence of performance risk,” according to a CMS document, portions of which were read to The Washington Post by a person familiar with the contracting process.CGI Federal won the $93 million contract, now worth $293 million, in September 2011.At the time of the earlier selection process in 2007, CGI Federal was still relatively new to federal contracting. It had grown out of CGI Group’s acquisition in 2004 of AMS, which had a recent history of troubled projects, including a Philadelphia school computer system that sent paychecks to dead people and a Mississippi tax system so dysfunctional that a jury awarded a $474 million verdict against the firm.Three former CMS officials said in recent interviews that the AMS problems should have raised red flags.“Should CMS have recognized that ‘Okay, here’s CGI Federal. It’s a new company, but, oh, my God, it looks a lot like the AMS from yesterday’?” asked one former CMS official familiar with the contracting process who like others interviewed for this article spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss internal procedures. “Yes. I would consider that dropping the ball.’’Tasha Bradley, a CMS spokeswoman, said in a statement that the agency “adheres by a long-established contracting process where expert, career contracting officials evaluate and award contracts based on criteria outlined in the contract solicitation, including past performance, technical expertise and proposed contract value.”CMS declined to comment on specific questions about how closely CGI Federal’s past performance was evaluated and whether that review looked at AMS.Former AMS executives have defended that company’s performance, and CGI officials have rejected any comparison with AMS’s earlier failures.CGI Federal has also defended its work on HealthCare.gov, despite an October launch that White House officials have acknowledged was disastrous. Federal officials have faulted the company’s performance, saying it missed deadlines, understaffed the job and overstated its progress.People familiar with the project have said it was also hampered by administration mismanagement, fierce Republican opposition and political sensitivities that delayed policy and regulatory decisions.The federal online marketplace that is selling health plans in 36 states under the 2010 health-care law has been functioning better in recent weeks, but officials are still working to fix lingering problems, including errors in enrollment records sent to insurance companies. CGI Federal remains intimately involved in the project, writing computer code in attempts to fix various aspects of the system.Linda Odorisio, CGI’s vice president for global communications, said the company “continues to work closely with CMS and all of its vendor partners to deliver continuous enhancements in system performance and the user experience” on the Web site.She added that CGI Federal “contributed to the significant improvements made to the system over the last two months, resulting in more than half a million Americans enrolling in just the first three weeks of December.”In December 2006, CMS put out a request for proposals. The agency said it was seeking “world-class IT services” to improve and maintain the massive systems that run Medicare and Medicaid, according to contracting documents. Thirty-one bidders responded, including CGI Federal.CMS used a procurement method that has become increasingly common over the past decade. The agency first awarded an umbrella contract to a group of firms, and those firms were then eligible to bid on future IT work. Experts say this saves the government time because it shortens the subsequent bid process.In evaluating the bids, CMS was to scrutinize each company’s performance on previous contracts, according to an internal agency document obtained by The Post. The document described a “risk assessment” of cost control, on-time delivery and other factors.Federal law requires that past performance be considered for all federal contracts worth more than $150,000, with limited exceptions. Federal regulations also say CMS should have considered the record of “predecessor companies,” such as AMS. Several former officials familiar with the 2007 selection said no concerns about CGI Federal were raised inside the agency.AMS projects had run into trouble at the federal level and in at least 12 states, according to government audit reports, interviews and news accounts. The purchase of AMS was CGI’s entree into the U.S. government market, and AMS executives flocked to CGI Federal. Today, more than 100 former AMS employees are senior executives or consultants working for CGI in the Washington area.One former CMS official said the agency especially should have examined the most publicized AMS failure, an effort to automate retirement benefits for millions of federal workers. AMS was fired in 2001 by the Federal Retirement Thrift Investment Board after going $60 million over budget, writing computer code that turned out to be useless and never delivering a workable system, according to government reports.AMS had settled lawsuits arising from the project in 2003. “That should have stood out,’’ the former official said.CGI Federal was ultimately chosen for an umbrella contract, worth up to $4 billion in future work, along with 15 other firms, including Lockheed Martin and IBM.While it is unclear whether agency officials examined the AMS track record, former CMS officials said it probably would not have made much difference, because past performance has long been an overlooked component of federal contracting.In the summer of 2011, the Obama administration was racing to figure out who would build the Affordable Care Act’s all-important Web site. “Time is of the essence,” said an internal CMS draft request for proposals, dated June 24, 2011.With deadlines looming, officials limited the bidders to the winners of the 2007 umbrella contract. “There was very great time pressure,” recalled a former CMS official familiar with the process. “The feeling was we had a lot of big IT powerhouses and they knew our work.’’Four firms applied: IBM, Computer Sciences Corp., Quality Software Services and CGI Federal.As is tradition, the selection process was strictly sheltered from political considerations and political appointees at CMS or elsewhere in the administration, according to numerous former and current CMS employees.“I deliberately stayed out of contracting,’’ said Leslie Norwalk, the agency’s acting administrator under President George W. Bush. “If that had changed, I would have heard rumblings.’’Agency documents show that a career contracting officer, in the CMS Office of Acquisition and Grants Management, was in charge of awarding the contract for the Web site. The selection process focused on bidders’ business and technical proposals, which described the proposed cost, hardware and software required, proposed infrastructure design, security requirements, and key personnel.The companies’ past performance was not a priority. The CMS document listed it as the second least important of seven technical evaluation factors. And the review would look only at past work under the 2007 umbrella contract, the document said.While the review found no performance risk for CGI Federal, agency officials had not always been satisfied with the company’s work. In 2010, CMS rejected CGI Federal’s bid under the umbrella contract to perform work on four health IT systems, in part citing unspecified performance issues in carrying out an earlier contract, according to a Government Accountability Office ruling. CGI Federal protested the CMS decision, but the GAO upheld it.And the review did not take into account problems that several other CGI projects had encountered, including years of delay and system failures on a state computer system in Hawaii. State auditors in 2010 partially faulted another CGI subsidiary, CGI Technologies and Solutions, for those issues.CGI says its overall work is high-quality and nearly always on time and on budget, and the company has also had many successes. In the past two years, CGI Federal has been awarded contracts with at least 25 federal agencies.Documents and interviews show that CGI Federal was selected because of what was deemed to be the company’s technical prowess, even though the price of the firm’s proposal was higher than that of at least of one competitor.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Two-month race to fix HealthCare.gov site hits major deadline Saturday"War room" mentality takes over as contractors work with administration"Ruthless prioritization" to get site working quickly may have a consequence 
  Saturday marks the Obama administration’s self-imposed deadline to fix the troubled HealthCare.gov website, for most people at least.

  Deadline Day: Will Obamacare website work?

  It caps a frenzied, two-month race by computer programmers and contractors sprinkled throughout the D.C. suburbs on both sides of the beltway in Maryland and Virginia.

  The overall scene in response to the botched rollout of the online portal conveys a “war-room” urgency with “ruthless prioritization,” many moving parts, grinding work, briefings, phone-bridges, and of course, plenty of take-out food.

  Operations are overseen from a command center in Columbia, Maryland. That’s where contractor QSSI has spearheaded the effort with help from some Web heavyweights.

  John Engates, the Chief Technology Officer at Rackspace.com, was an early critic of the website given a behind-the-scenes tour of the effort to fix it.

  “I think it’s going to work,” Engates said on CNN’s “The Lead.”

  But Luke Chung, president of Virginia-based software developer FMS Inc., called the administration’s prediction the site would work at 80% capacity on or around November 30 an impractical threshold in the software world.

  The site, which was taken down for overnight maintenance ahead of Saturday’s deadline,  is the lynchpin of Obamacare and is meant to be used by 36 states to enroll millions of Americans into health insurance now required by federal law.

  Fourteen states have their own exchange sites and those, by and large, have fared better than HealthCare.gov, which was marred by crashes and other problems upon its launch October 1, embarrassing President Barack Obama, who championed the law known as Obamacare.

  What happened in October?

  The first thing to figure out was what went wrong – in brief.

  “Not all websites are created equal,” Steven Van Roekel, the nation’s chief information officer and a former personal assistant to Bill Gates who helped roll out Windows XP, told reporters on Tuesday at a White House briefing.

  Unlike a site like CNN.com, which he said is only to be viewed, or even an e-commerce site, which takes orders, HealthCare.gov is meant to be seamlessly multi-faceted. 

  A single user’s experience, unbeknownst to them, could require real-time information from the social security administration, DHS, the IRS and Veterans Affairs.

  Fixing it on Obama’s orders was ultimately left to Jeffrey Zients, the management consultant and entrepreneur and former and future White House official.

  He assembled a team, which includes Van Roekel and other experts, to oversee the overhaul being done by QSSI, other contractors and programmers.

  High intensity approach

  Zients conducted Tuesday’s White House briefing for reporters at a clipped pace and with the no nonsense tone of a tour guide in a hurry. 

  The session included a teleconference with the team from QSSI in Maryland – they couldn’t spare the time to make the trip into Washington – and programmers who drove into town from Tyson’s Corner in Virginia, where most of the software work is being done.

  Seeking to confound the public view of the site as an epic failure of Presidential management, Zients and the contractors described a hive of trouble-shooters huddled at twice-daily conference calls and on a round-the-clock open phone line to respond as quickly as possible to problems.

  “The point of these calls is we don’t have an hour or a minute to waste and therefore, we need to make sure that there is ruthless prioritization at all times as to what matters most, that there’s real-time reaction if something unexpected happened, someone hit a roadblock on a fix – so what are we going to do about that bug and how are we going to address that bug, and you get the best minds on the problems right away,” said Zients.

  At a satellite office of QSSI in Virginia, insiders described to CNN’s Brianna Keilar a scene of programmers in marathon code-writing sessions and surrounded by stale Chinese food and half-eaten pizzas.

  Back-end concern

  One result of Zients’ prioritization? A focus over the past two months on the experience for users who want to sign up for insurance. That approach could have a consequence.

  Insurers have reported receiving duplicative and at times faulty information on the back end of the site, which raises questions about whether some people who think they’re signing up for insurance will actually have it on January 1.

  Insurers: Site glitches persist

  Indeed, much of the system supporting HealthCare.gov - the back end for making payments and interacting with insurance companies – still needs to be built.

  But so far, it has been the difficulty for Americans trying to sign up for coverage in the first place that has partly damaged public perception of the law.

  Obamacare site fix: 5 things to look for

  So the programmers and the contractors pay constant attention to real-time site metrics provided by services like Chartbeat, which is used to measure exactly how many people are on the site at any given time.

  A quickly flashed screen grab during the technical briefing at the White House showed there were 15,687 users on HealthCare.gov at one point. The aim is to have the site capable of hosting 50,000 at any given time and up to 800,000 per day.

  That was the goal for the site back on October 1 when repeated crashes seemed to keep most everyone trying to access the site from viewing insurance options.

  After hardware upgrades installed November 23 and 24 to improve capacity and after software programmers spent the past two months addressing other hiccups, supporters of the law hope the website will function as intended.

  Awash in metrics

  They are awash in detailed metrics at the Maryland command center. In addition to Chartbeat, another web-based program measures response times; a spike on the graph can indicate serious problems. A third measures how far each and every user makes it through the enrollment process.

  Don’t look for any of that data after the deadline this weekend, however. Specifics are still closely guarded details.

  “We will continue to update you on metrics and user experience and our success rates as we go forward,” said Zients.

  CNN/ORC Poll: Are Obamacare’s flaws fixable?

  Boehner signs up for Obamacare

  GOP Obamacare playbook: Spread negative perception

  Site’s Anonymous Shopper shelved
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsSign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.After the jump, in it's entirety, is the letter Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD) just wrote to Rep. Darrell Issa. It reads more like a perjury indictment, IMO.November 8, 2013The Honorable Darrell E. IssaChairmanCommittee on Oversight and Government ReformU.S. House of RepresentativesWashington, D.C. 20515Dear Mr. Chairman:            Yesterday, you went on national television and made extremely serious allegations against U.S. Chief Technology Officer Todd Park and White House Press Secretary Jay Carney, essentially accusing them of lying to the American people about the Healthcare.gov website.  You then used these alleged falsehoods to justify your threat to subpoena Mr. Park to force him to appear before the Committee next week to answer your allegations.  Based on information obtained by the Committee a full week ago, however, it appears that your attacks against Mr. Park and Mr. Carney are unfounded and that your statements yesterday either misunderstood or mischaracterized the information the Committee obtained.  In either case, I believe it is important to correct the public record, and I request that you apologize to these officials for the unsubstantiated accusations against them.Unfounded Accusations Against Mr. Park and Mr. Carney            Yesterday, you launched a public attack against Mr. Park and Mr. Carney, accusing them of intentionally making false statements about the number of users that were anticipated for the Healthcare.gov website.            You issued a press release with the highly inflammatory and misleading headline, “ACA Testing Bulletin:  HealthCare.gov Could Only Handle 1,100 Users Day Before Launch.”[1]  As evidence for your claim, you released a single document prepared by Quality Software Services, Inc. that “lists the testing status and results for various parts of the Federally Facilitated Marketplace (FFM).”  You quoted from this document the following statement about a “stress test” conducted on only one testing environment:Ran performance testing overnight in IMP1B environment.  Working with CGI to tune the FFM environment to be able to handle maximum load.  Currently we are able to reach 1100 users before response time gets too high.  CGI is making changes to configuration.[2]            Based on this text, you jumped to the conclusion that the day before the website launch, the full system was able to handle only 1,100 users, and your allegation was repeated by multiple press outlets.[3]  You then argued that this document contradicts previous statements by Mr. Park and Mr. Carney.  For example, you cited a statement made by Mr. Park on October 6, 2013, in which he explained that officials planned for HealthCare.gov to draw approximately 60,000 simultaneous users.              After issuing your press release, you went on national television and accused Mr. Park and Mr. Carney of misleading the American people.  During an interview with Fox News, you made the following accusations:Jay Carney is paid to say things that aren’t so.  But in this case, Todd Park and other people who knew the facts, who had to know the facts.  And the facts were from documents we received from lead contractors that they slowed down to an unacceptable level at 1,100 users.  Well, in fact, Todd Park was telling us that at 60,000 was the target, and at 250,000 they just couldn’t handle it.  The truth was their goal wasn’t, according to documents, wasn’t even 60,000.  Their goal was 10,000.  They reached 1,100.[4]
You then used these alleged falsehoods to demand that Mr. Park appear before the Committee at a hearing next Wednesday to answer your accusations. During the same Fox interview, you attempted to justify your demand by stating:We’re going to have Todd Park and a number of other political appointees who were part of this pattern of interference and false statements related to this site.  And we are going to try to get to the bottom of why politics went ahead of best practices and good technology.  Something the American people expect, that didn’t happen in this case.  And it’s the tip of iceberg, that we’re worried about, is if they are willing to put politics into a website, what will they put into your health care?[5]            You also sent a letter to Mr. Park warning that you would issue a subpoena compelling his presence if he does not submit to your demand voluntarily.[6]  Your letter completely ignored a previous offer for Mr. Park to brief the Committee in the next several weeks and testify in early December so he would not be pulled away from his current work on improving the Healthcare.gov website during this critical time.[7]Information Obtained by the Committee Contradicts Accusations            Based on information obtained by the Committee, it appears that you fundamentally misunderstood or mischaracterized the document you released to the press yesterday and that your accusations against Mr. Park and Mr. Carney are wholly unfounded.  You appear to be conflating the results of a much smaller testing environment with final production testing of the system at full capacity.  As the document you released states, the 1,100 user figure was conducted for the “IMP1B environment,” a testing environment that was only a sample size rather than the full FFM production environment.            The estimates for the full FFM website environment were considerably higher.  We know this from the transcribed interview of Henry Chao, the Deputy Chief Information Officer at the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, which Committee staff conducted on November 1, 2013.  During his interview, Mr. Chao explained—in response to detailed questioning from your staff—that officials estimated that up to 58,000 virtual users could get through the full FFM production website application, which is almost precisely the figure cited by Mr. Park. For example, your staff had this exchange with Mr. Chao:Q:        On July 19th, 2 days after the committee’s hearing in which you testified, you provided a briefing for the committee.  Do you recall this?A:         Yes.Q:        At the briefing, you told committee staff that the system was designed to handle 50,000 concurrent users.  Is it accurate that the system was designed to handle 50,000 concurrent users?A:         For the FFM, it is.  I’m not trying to—Q:        When you say “FFM,” you mean?  A:         The marketplace, the online application.[8]Mr. Chao also addressed how the results of “stress tests” were used to extrapolate to the full FFM production system:Q:        Prior to October 1st, did CMS conduct any stress tests for HealthCare.gov?A:         Yes.  “Stress test” is actually sometimes used synonymously with “performance testing.”  Because in performance testing, you introduce number of virtual users, right?  Two hundred, 500, 1,000.  You know, you’re trying to introduce as many as you can handle in the performance testing environment to see where the breakpoint is.  And then, once you achieve that breakpoint, then you extrapolate, you know, from that how many concurrent users, how many concurrent sessions.  Because you don’t have a performance testing environment that equals 100 percent the production environment.[9]Finally, your staff asked repeatedly how many users were expected to get through the full FFM production environment based on the testing conducted:Q:        So how many concurrent users—what’s the maximum number of concurrent users that the system could handle in a test prior to the October 1st launch?A:         The extrapolated figure that we came up with—because in the last remaining weeks, we threw some additional resources of capacity.  The test was somewhere around—it was somewhere between 48,000 and 58,000, what we call, virtual users.  They’re not real live people in there.  They’re accounts that are set up, you know, doing different things in the system. …Q:        And you said that 48,000 to 58,000 virtual users could get through the allocationA:         Inside the FFM application, the online application for enrollment.[10]Conclusion            This is not the first time you have accused a White House official of being a “paid liar,” a practice that several of your Republican colleagues have condemned.[11]  Given that your staff participated in Mr. Chao’s transcribed interview last week—before you issued your press release and conducted your television interview—it is unclear why you did not disclose the information Mr. Chao provided, but instead chose to accuse Mr. Park and Mr. Carney of misleading the American people.            It is evident that the testing conducted for Healthcare.gov was inadequate, particularly considering the very high demand experienced in the first days after the website became operational, and I believe Congress can play a key role in conducting responsible oversight to ensure that millions of Americans obtain the health insurance coverage they deserve.  But it is reckless and highly irresponsible to make unsubstantiated public allegations by taking information out of context, especially when the Committee has information in its possession that directly contradicts these unfounded allegations.             Rather than rush to issue a subpoena to Mr. Park based on these unsubstantiated allegations, which could impair efforts to improve the website, I propose that we accept the offer to receive a briefing from Mr. Park this month and that we schedule an additional hearing in December to obtain his full testimony.  I sincerely hope that we can proceed in a thoughtful and bipartisan manner as we continue to review this issue.                                                                        Sincerely,                                                                        Elijah E. Cummings                                                                        Ranking Memberhttp://democrats.oversight.house.gov/...Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News President Barack Obama steered Americans away from his administration’s malfunctioning health insurance website Monday, at least for now, suggesting they use call lines and in-person navigators to sign up instead. And he admitted it’s a mess.The latest fix, Obama says, is an update on Healthcare.gov telling people how they can buy insurance "the old-fashioned way — offline."“So you'll find information about how to talk to a specialist who can help you apply over the phone or to receive a downloadable application you can fill out yourself and mail in,” Obama said. His administration has been tight-lipped on just what the problems are with the website, which was originally billed as something resembling Travelocity for health insurance — a place online where people could go to compare one plan to another and get a price.But experts point out that HealthCare.gov was never that simple. While most in the industry are confident that Obama can keep his promise to eventually fix the site, they say there are multiple places where things may have gone wrong.“Buying a health plan is a lot more complicated than buying a flight," says Brandon Cruz, president of GoHealth, a private health insurance marketplace. “When you’re buying a health plan, you need to know all the doctors in the network, what you deductible will be, what your co-insurance will be. And the terminology is so foreign.”Customizing is complicatedNot only that, but an airline seat is a fairly generic commodity. Health insurance is personal, says Caroline Pearson, a vice president at consulting firm Avalere Health. “What’s available for purchase and the price they are going to offer to you for is completely customized on an individual basis,” she says.“So in order to give people an accurate shopping experience with accurate pricing, you had to enter a lot of personal information about where you live, your income, the size of your family, and then the government has to verify that data. There’s been a lot of up-front electronic verification, which seems to be where a lot of the website snafus occurred.”The consensus: the federal website has tried to offer too much, too fast, to too many people.The federal government is running websites for 36 states that didn’t want to do their own, or couldn't manage it right away. Each state has its own insurance regulations, and each has its own list of providers offering plans — from 16 different insurance companies in New York, to just one for people in some counties in West Virginia.Before you can even begin to shop, the website has to know what county you live in. And it needs to check your income to make sure you shouldn’t be on Medicaid instead, and to check to see if you qualify for a federal subsidy and if so, how much it would be.Oh, and it has to check with the Department of Homeland Security to make sure you really are a legal resident — all this while you’re staring at the screen, waiting.States let users window-shopPearson says some of the 15 states offering their own websites — Kentucky is an example — have sped up things for users by letting them window-shop first. "Many of the state websites, though not all, elected to simplify the process and allow you to shop without creating a login and submitting all your personal information,” she says.At first, the Obama administration blamed the website hangups on a crush of new users. That's no surprise as the White House says nearly 20 million people have visited the site so far and 500,000 have started the application process.But Obama has now admitted it was worse than this and says he has “the best and the brightest” working to fix it.  Cruz says there are lots of places where the site could be hanging up. “I don’t think the code was bug-free when the time came to launch,” he says. “If the code’s not written properly, you can have bottlenecks.”Databases — and there are lots of them on the federal website — are one big potential blockage. “If everyone’s trying to access the database at the same time, it locks up,” Cruz says.They’re usually designed to freeze while someone is putting information in, so that the next person to access it has the most up-to-date information. To use the Travelocity analogy, think about choosing your seat on a flight. You’d want to be sure someone didn’t snatch the seat you wanted at the same time you were on there.It's not as simple as adding serversSimply adding servers — a computer or system of computers that increases capacity — won’t help if there’s a bottleneck that keeps people from even reaching the server, Cruz points out.Many experts have said the government did not test the system thoroughly enough before launch. And having literally millions of people jump onto a new website on the very first day is a recipe for a mess, says Chet Wisniewski, senior security adviser for IT security firm Sophos Inc.“When you think about Twitter, only a few thousand people knew about it, then tens of thousands of people. And after a year, when everybody was using it, Twitter started to break,” Wisniewski says.The Pew Research Center reports that 14 percent of adults report having visited an exchange, and another 23 percent say they intend to. Cruz and Pearson think the problems are fixable. So does Tom Scully, who was administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), from 2001 to 2004 and who now is a healthcare expert at law firm Alston & Bird.Although much criticism has focused on a Canadian firm, CGI Group, that did some of the work for the federal government, Scully says the administration probably should have contracted out even more of the work. CMS was never equipped to do the work in-house, he says.“They are just slow-moving, bureaucratic, lovely people,” Scully said. "It's just not a core competency of CMS."The agency likely feared it would be impossible for a company outside the federal government to get the cooperation it would need with the internal Revenue Service, Social Security Administration and other federal departments, Scully says.Will the phones be just as slow — or slower?And, by the way, says Pearson, sending people to the phone might not be effective, either.“People have had a hard time getting through on the phone," she says. “There have been really long waits on the call center.”Avalere staffers have tried, she says. “We have spoken to the call center several times. They haven’t been volunteering to help us enroll,” she said.Maybe that will be one of the improvements that Obama has promised, she said.And sending in too many of the “best and the brightest’ might not be the right fix, either, software experts note. They often cite Brook’s Law, which holds that adding people to a project slows it down."It's not like a construction project, or an auto assembly line, where more hands on deck mean more results," said Bob Sullivan, a technology and consumer expert and author of “The Plateau Effect: Getting from Stuck to Success. ”With software, adding people at the end of a project to fix things that are broken or unfinished, can actually do more harm than good." Helen Popkin contributed to this story. Follow Maggie Fox on Facebook and on Twitter© 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL(CNN) - Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius was already having a rough week when she was presented with an unwelcome gift at an event in Memphis on Friday.After being grilled on Capitol Hill and receiving subpoenas from one congressional committee, Sebelius was wrapping up her week at an outreach event when Tennessee state Sen. Brian Kelsey approached her with a copy of the book "Web Sites for Dummies," according to Memphis' The Daily News, which captured the moment on camera.
[twitter-follow screen_name='politicalticker']In the picture posted on The Daily News' website, Sebelius holds the book out with what seems to be an irritated expression.Kelsey, a Republican, later tweeted, "Just presented Sec Sebelius with 'Websites for Dummies,'" and then, "The book is simply a reminder to Sec. #Sebelius of my message to her that Tennessee does NOT want Medicaid expansion."Just presented Sec Sebelius with "Websites for Dummies"— Brian Kelsey (@BrianKelsey) November 1, 2013The book is simply a reminder to Sec. #Sebelius of my message to her that Tennessee does NOT want Medicaid expansion. http://t.co/qQazzi6P7N— Brian Kelsey (@BrianKelsey) November 2, 2013The secretary's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.Sebelius was in Tennessee to promote the Affordable Care Act and explain how her department is working to fix the botched insurance exchange website, HealthCare.gov."Clearly we did not do enough end-to-end testing," admitted Sebelius, though she defended the market itself, saying, "The market is ready. We have competitive plans in every market in this country.""We have brought in a lot of technology experts to help make sure that we have all the eyes and ears on the problems and the puzzle, “Sebelius added.On Wednesday, Sebelius apologized for the flawed website when she testified before the House Energy and Commerce Committee. President Obama has thus far resisted calls from congressional Republicans to fire Sebelius.She should give it to the people who she paid $600 million dollars to read so they can learn how it's done.What a classy move!  She should go back to DC and close the Social Security office in his district.This just another example where the President  has consistently  rejected proposals from the democrats  in an effort to appease the right. The democrats were for the public option and allowing prescriptions from Canada. The President when with Romneycare,insurance  and drug companies. Then to show how liberal he was , he  added birth control. This administration tends to always get entangled in secondary issues which does not allow them to give the primary issues the resources necessary. By the way instead of running away from what he said ,he should admit  that he was wrong because he  was mislead if that be the case. The President has yet to embrace ideas from democrats in Congress ,yet always wants  them to support these compromises worked out between him and the republicans. It is time for the democrats to voice their opinion. If they do not believe it is time for a federal mandate on birth control they should say so.She has failed big time and need to get out of Government as we can't afford such disaster anywhere in America, Public or Private. She like our potus is in over the heads and need to get out of the way so some true leaders can step in and fix this problem. God knows they spent enough money on this/ outsourced to Canada?So this is what politics have degenerated into; grade school antics? "Na na na nan ya" tactics really demonstrate a sharp an educated mind and great political acumen. Why are people accepting this behavior from ANY elected official when it's behavior not accepted for CHILDREN?TN does want it!Just when you think these Repubs have went as low as a human possibly can, they go even lower.We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartThe Obama administration decided that Obamacare Navigators, tasked with helping Americans enroll in a health insurance plan, would not undergo mandatory background checks. Now, in the ten weeks since the launch of Healthcare.gov, the ill-trained Navigators have put Americans’ sensitive health and tax information at risk. Breitbart News has obtained a House Oversight and Government Reform Committee report on the Obamacare Navigators that will be released Monday. It has found that Obamacare Navigators have been giving Americans misinformation and, in some cases, actively encouraging enrollees to commit fraud in order to raise their subsidies. To complicate matters further, there is no way for Americans to find out whether their Navigators are properly certified.Health and Human Services (HHS) Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said at a Congressional hearing that it was “possible” for convicted felons to become Navigators. The report, titled Risks of Fraud and Misinformation with ObamaCare Outreach Campaign: How Navigator and Assister Program Mismanagement Endangers Consumers, concludes that is only one of many worries Americans should have about Navigators. The Oversight Committee, chaired by Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA), and HHS actually learned that “poorly-trained Navigators gave consumers incorrect information about the health care exchanges, violated HHS rules and procedures, and even encouraged applicants to commit tax fraud in some instances.” Moreover, this was learned from various news reports due to the complete lack of any internal oversight.On November 21, the Obama administration briefed the Committee. Those in attendance included Gary Cohen, the Deputy Administrator and Director of the Center for Consumer Information and Insurance Oversight (CCIIO), and Mandy Cohen, Director of the Consumer Support Group at CCIIO.The Committee report concluded that “documents call into question the effectiveness of the Navigator program and the Obama administration’s ability to safeguard consumer information.” HHS’s mismanagement of the Navigator and Assister programs “induces fraudulent behavior and poses real threats to the safety of consumers’ personally identifiable information, such as one’s social security number, yearly income, and other sensitive tax information,” the report found.The report also discovered that Obamacare Navigators have “encouraged consumers to commit tax fraud by underreporting income in order to qualify for ObamaCare’s health insurance subsidies.” Some have “assisted applicants before completing their 5 to 20 hour online training course, and others took custody of paper applications and mailed them for the applicant, violating the rule that applicants must mail in the application themselves.” For instance, the Committee found:The report found that HHS officials responsible for the Navigator program did not learn of the aforementioned incidents from internal oversight procedures, but rather from news reports. Yet the Obama administration still does not plan to implement a “secret shopper” program to monitor Navigators. HHS officials have put together “webinars” for Navigators, but they are voluntary and do not cover specific details.The report also found that because the Obama administration did not warn Navigators that there could be problems with the HealthCare.Gov website, “Navigators were essentially useless” when the website crashed and had problems. To make matters worse, notes from an October 11, 2013 meeting state that the Navigators were encouraging potential enrollees to use paper applications they knew may not bring applicants quicker results “to protect their reputations as people in the communities who can help.”The Committee found that this “push towards the use of paper applications further increases security risks, since health insurance exchange applications contain personally identifiable information such as the applicant’s full name, social security number, the names and social security numbers of everyone in the applicant’s household, and income for every member of the household.”The report also concluded that Navigators were also unprepared to handle situations in which consumers mentioned unreported income because the Obama administration did not even anticipate such situations. Gary Cohen, the director of the agency overseeing the Navigators, previously stated, “this could be one of the areas where it is a little beyond the ability of your average Navigator,” when asked whether Navigators knew how to deal with Americans who may be engaging in tax fraud or intending to under-report income. Though Cohen “admitted there is a need for better training on the issue through the ongoing education process” and did not rule out “requiring Navigators to report tax fraud in the future,” the Obama administration “has not taken the necessary steps to prevent this type of tax fraud.” The report found that Navigators have not even been provided with a document on how to handle potential tax fraud issues that may arise. Navigators, the report also found, “lack guidance about how to comply with the Voting Rights Act, which requires that federal government applications provide the opportunity for applicants to indicate their interest in registering to vote.”And though Cohen told the Committee staff that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services “[keep] a list of certified Navigators, which, as of mid-November, numbered 2,500 individuals,” the list is private, which means Americans do not have a way to know if their Navigators are actually even certified. That also allows Navigator organizations to “misrepresent the qualifications of an individual who is associated with that organization but is not a certified Navigator,” the committee found. Navigator Report Update Final 12-13-13PoliticsDarrell IssaReuters.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartBy David Lawder and Mark Felsenthal WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House sought to limit the political damage from the troubled rollout of the government's healthcare website on Wednesday as Republicans increased the pressure to delay parts of President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy. Obama administration officials held a closed-door briefing for Democrats in the House of Representatives and a private session with insurance company executives to discuss efforts to fix the Healthcare.gov website. Republican critics in Congress demanded a delay in a requirement of the healthcare law that uninsured Americans must purchase insurance or face a tax penalty and said they would intensify their investigations into the launch of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, known as "Obamacare." "It is our job to hold them accountable, and when it comes to Obamacare clearly there is a lot to hold accountable," House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner told reporters on Wednesday. The administration is trying to preserve Democratic Party unity on the issue, which showed signs of fraying. The head of the Democratic National Committee, Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, told MSNBC the administration should be willing to extend the open-enrollment period for people to sign up for insurance. It ends on March 31. Representative James Clyburn of South Carolina, the third-ranking House Democrat, criticized the website for forcing consumers to provide private information before deciding what kind of health insurance plan they want to buy. "I've talked to too many people who tell me before they ever get around to figuring out what it is they want to buy, they're having to answer questions that they don't feel they should be answering," Clyburn said. Max Baucus, the Democratic chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, said in a statement that he hopes to meet with other committee members in the coming weeks, but said he would wait until after the website is repaired. Republicans are not waiting. The House Energy and Commerce Committee on Thursday will hear from the top contractors responsible for the program, including website developer CGI Federal. 'WORKING HARD TO FIX THE PROBLEMS' Online exchanges, or marketplaces, were designed to be the main way for millions of uninsured Americans to research and buy health insurance plans under the law, but the October 1 debut has been marred by technical glitches that have kept many from signing on and making purchases. Those unable to sign up online can call a toll-free telephone number as an alternative. The administration has so far declined to disclose the number of enrollments, either online or by telephone. A prolonged delay in getting Healthcare.gov to work could jeopardize White House efforts to sign up as many as 7 million people in 2014, the first full year the law takes effect. The administration this week began what it called a "tech surge," bringing in experts led by the administration's top economic aide Jeffrey Zients to analyze and fix the problems. "I think what we learned is they're working hard to fix the problems," Representative Sander Levin of Michigan, senior Democrat on the House Ways and Means Committee, said after Wednesday's briefing. The Health and Human Services Department will begin regular news briefings on Thursday to provide updates on "the progress that's being made and on the efforts that are being undertaken, both to address the technical problems and to make the whole experience for American consumers better," White House spokesman Jay Carney said. House Democrats said there was no discussion in the briefing about whether the problems should lead to a delay of the individual requirement that every American have insurance or pay a tax penalty. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated a delay would reduce enrollment significantly. REPUBLICANS DEMAND DELAY Republicans, who have fought the healthcare law as an unwarranted extension of the federal government, said the requirement should be delayed until the problems with the rollout are resolved. "With so many unanswered questions and the problems arising around this rollout, it doesn't make any sense to impose this one percent mandate tax on the American people," House Republican Leader Eric Cantor told reporters on Wednesday. Republicans have repeatedly tried to derail or delay the healthcare law since taking control of the House in the 2010 elections. They demanded more answers on Wednesday about the scope of the problems. Three committees in the Republican-controlled House have announced investigations of the law's rollout, which Cantor described as "nothing short of a debacle." HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius has been the focal point of criticism and Republicans have demanded she step down, but so far the White House has rallied around her. Denis McDonough, the White House chief of staff, told the New York Times on Tuesday that Sebelius "has the president's confidence. And she knows that." In the same article, an unidentified White House aide also appeared to try to distance Sebelius from the website troubles, and was quoted as saying, "Kathleen has the title, but she doesn't have the responsibility or in many respects the kind of wide authority and access to the president that she really needs to make a difference." Sebelius, who will testify to Congress next week, and McDonough attended the session with insurance company executives. They included the chief executives of WellPoint Inc, Humana Inc and Aetna Inc among others. WellPoint raised its 2013 membership and profit forecasts in part to reflect coming market changes under the law, its chief executive, Joseph Swedish, said in a statement on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Amanda Becker, Richard Cowan, Roberta Rampton and Susan Heavey in Washington, Caroline Humer in New York; Writing by John Whitesides; Editing by Fred Barbash, Karey Van Hall, and Grant McCool)Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Carlton Davis tweeted a word used as an anti-Asian slur. He said it has a different meaning in South Florida."Our focus is not on the politics of it. It's on the policy," the Apple CEO said in a new interview.The high court said Google did nothing wrong in copying code to develop the Android operating system now used on most smartphones.  To create Android, which was released in 2007, Google wrote millions of lines of new computer code.  It also used about 11,500 lines of code copyrighted as part of Oracle's Java platform.A fake Kaitlin Bennett quote is spreading in the form of an altered image. Image forensics suggests someone altered an image to create the fake quote.Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemJane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News The health insurance exchanges were supposed to be the crowning glory of Obamacare -- an easy way to help the 45 million people who don't have health insurance get some. Turns out, it hasn't been so easy. The White House has rolled out so many last-minute fixes that critics and supporters alike are asking how anyone can understand what the rules are now. First, it was a year’s reprieve for businesses that were supposed to be providing health insurance for workers. Then came a batch of delays, exemptions and other exceptions, coming to a head late Thursday night as the White House scrambled to announce -- and then clarify -- a break for people who are the most furious about losing their insurance coverage.Republicans piled on Friday, saying the White House has now made meaningless the individual mandate – the requirement that everyone have health insurance or pay a tax .Here’s a run-down of what's changed so far:1. The exemption. Thursday night, the Obama administration offered a special “hardship exemption” to people whose individual plans were canceled and who have yet to arrange other coverage. They can get either extremely cheap, bare-bones plans known as catastrophic coverage, or skip health insurance without paying the tax.These catastrophic plans had only been available to people under 30 or those who could not find health insurance plans with premiums costing less than 8 percent of their income. An updated list of exemptions includes those who recently filed for bankruptcy or had medical expenses they couldn't pay, among other hardships.2. The slip. Late in November, the administration gave people an extra week to get signed up, slipping the deadline from Dec. 15 to Dec. 23 for people who wanted to enroll and get health insurance starting the first day possible, Jan. 14. This came with a clear admission that the federal online insurance exchange was badly flawed. The site went down again for repairs for several hours on Friday, just days before one major deadline for people to use it. "We screwed it up," President Obama said in his last news conference of the year. 3. The slide. Last week, officials gave people another week to pay their first premiums and still get coverage. This was forced on insurers: the industry later said it would let people pay as late as Jan. 10 and still get credit for coverage starting Jan. 1, so long as they had already signed up. It's a big concession — insurers usually like a lot more lead time and they want everything buttoned up, including payment, before they hand out insurance cards.4. The fix. After an onslaught of attacks about his promise that “if you like you insurance plan, you can keep it”, Obama formally apologized and said that people could, in fact, keep their policies – even if they were policies his administration said were rotten and provided lousy coverage. The catch: insurance companies may have already discontinued the plans and state insurance commissioners would have to agree, and not all did.5. The redefinition. There was October’s redefinition of what the March 31 deadline meant, made after it looked as if people needed to actually sign up by Feb. 15 to make the March 31 deadline to have coverage or pay a tax. 6. The delay. Back in July, the administration delayed for one year the requirement that large employers provide health insurance for their employees. The 2010 health reform law requires anyone with 50 or more workers to provide health insurance – something small businesses have been complaining about, loudly, for years. On Tuesday, the government said they could have more time to get it done.But Obama says despite the tweaks, the law is working."The basic structure of the law is working, despite all the problems," Obama said.He said at least 500,000 people, and maybe more, have managed to sign up using the federal and state web sites. "Since that time, I now have a couple of million people, maybe more, who are going to have health care on Jan. 1 and that is a big deal. That's why I ran for this office," Obama added. California says it got more than 53,000 people signed up in just the first three days of this week.None of the delays appear to have helped Obama’s approval rating – the latest NBC/WSJ poll gave Obama a job approval rating of just 43 percent. Half of those surveyed said they are dissatisfied or disappointed with Obama’s presidency and 58 percent say their discontent comes from his handling of health reform.And the delays appear to have rewarded people who want to defy the law’s requirements, rather than those who did what the administration asked and signed up early. “This is a slap in the face to the thousands of Americans who have already purchased expensive insurance through the Obamacare exchanges,” said Sen. Marco Rubio, a Florida Republican who has been an outspoken critic of the 2010 Affordable Care Act.Administration officials called the latest changes “common sense." "This is essentially an additional safety net in case folks might have slipped through the cracks," Obama said. But the insurance industry and critics said they just made things even more bewildering.“One thing is certain: The Administration’s latest initiative is not going to simplify anything,” Robert Moffit and Alyene Senger, health policy experts at the right-leaning Heritage Foundation, wrote in a blog post. “Rest assured it is going to create even greater confusion for health insurers trying to sell these products. Also, don’t expect the unhappy consumers who’ve just lost their previous coverage to understand clearly which plan they can pick and be legally qualified to pick it.”Health policy expert Doug Holtz-Eakin, who leads the center-right American Action Forum, says this week’s changes are “a big deal”. “Substantively, it opens the door to deferring the mandate entirely and by acknowledging that catastrophic plans would be suitable coverage it makes a lie of all the rhetoric about how existing insurance (“underinsurance”) is ‘subpar’ and ‘poor,’” he wrote in a blog post.“It is an invitation to those who have chosen policies through HealthCare.gov to cancel them and waive the mandate.”Follow Maggie Fox on Facebook and on Twitter.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALA veteran Washington adviser who has worked for four Presidents on both sides of the political aisle said that the stunning Government Accountability Report  that found President Barack Obama has not had a one-on-one meeting with Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius since the passage of Obamacare over three years ago is an indictment of the entire White House operation and shows that the Obama administration has bordered on “malfeasance.” “I have no doubt the White House is right, that Secretary Sebelius was in several group meetings with the president about health care,” Gergen caveated, “but the whole point is, there was nobody in charge in the administration.”Appearing on CNN’s Newsroom program Saturday night was David Gergen, a known Washington “fixer.” Some veteran Washington observers have even suggested that Obama should bring Gergen in to help manage the Obamacare rollout crisis. He was asked by CNN Anchor Deborah Feyerick about the GAI report. Feyerick cited a report from “an outfit called the Government Accountability Institute [that] finds the president and HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius held just a single one-on-one meeting after Obamacare was signed into law over three years ago.” “I don’t think this is simply sloppiness on the part of the White House,” Gergen said. “What seems to me is there’s a case of near malfeasance here.”Gergen, who has served as Director of Speechwriting for the Nixon White House, Director of Communications for both Presidents Ford and Reagan, and then as a senior advisor to President Bill Clinton, is intimately familiar with how the White House operates. In addition, he normally takes a “neutral” position on most matters and often gives those in power the benefit of doubt.But Gergen emphasized that the GAI report concerning the lack of meetings between Sebelius and Obama raises troubling issues about the conduct of affairs in the Obama White House.Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large and Government Accountability Institute President Peter Schweizer unveiled the report on Wednesday on Fox News’s Hannity and Breitbart News. As Breitbart News has reported, Schweizer said there was no evidence on the White House schedule that showed Obama cared about Obamacare.“In the case of President Obama, if you look at his calendar, there is no evidence whatsoever that he is focused or has much interest in health care at all,” Schweizer said on Hannity.Feyerick, the CNN host, added that the White House had attacked the report, “Jay Carney [is] saying that the report’s misleading and based on a ridiculously false premise, those are his words David Gergen, what do you think about this?”Gergen responded by saying the GAI report was a big deal and should not be dismissed. On Friday, White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Obama and Sebelius meet “regularly” but their meetings were not recored on the visitors logs. Schweizer had previously noted that GAI also looked at White House visitor logs and found that whenever Sebelius went to the White House, it was for social functions with “dozens or hundreds of people.” And he noted on Hannity that if Obama met with Sebelius and left the meeting off the books, Sebelius would be the only cabinet secretary whose meetings with the White House were concealed.Gergen faulted the White House for this lack of contact and condemned the whole White House operation. “The fact that he was not meeting with her one-on-one, I think, frankly, is not so much an indictment of her but of the White House operation,” he said. Gergen said that “at the same time three years pass with no one-on-one meetings according to this Politico article. The president had 277 one-on-one meetings with other members of his cabinet.” Gergen referenced Schweizer’s Politico article in which he mentioned that, “perhaps the insular White House team wanted to distance the president from the bureaucratic process in the hopes of granting him a halo of deniability if the launch failed.” Schweizer also noted “the lack of meetings reinforces the severity of what the New York Times describes as the ‘deeply dysfunctional relationship between the Department of Health and Human Services and its technology contractors, and tensions between the White House chief of staff and senior health department officials.'”Feyerick, the CNN host, added, that if health care reform “was so important to the president, you would think that there was a lot more one-on-one interaction especially on something that’s so critical to him and his policy.” Princeton Professor Julian Zelizer, who was also on the panel, did not respond directly to the details of the GAI report, only to say that “we have to be careful because as the White House said, that [report] does come from a conservative organization.”  The Government Accountability Institute, though, is a nonpartisan organization and its mission is to “investigate and expose crony capitalism, misuse of taxpayer monies and other governmental corruption or malfeasance.” GAI, headed by Schweizer, has written several reports in recent years and has been criticized by both the Obama White House and House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH). PoliticsCNNGAIWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartBreitbart News has compiled a list of the Top 10 Senate Democrats who should follow Obama’s lead and apologize to the American public. These particular lawmakers either went all-in on the false claim for partisan reasons or were in a position to know that millions of Americans would not be able to keep their health insurance. If a reader interprets this list as a guide for whom to call in Congress, so be it. 10. SEN. MARY LANDRIEU (D-LA): “If you like the insurance that you have, you’ll be able to keep it.” (MSNBC’s Hardball, 12/16/09)Mary Landrieu, like all Senate Democrats, provided the deciding vote on passing ObamaCare. After 3 years, it is hard to remember all the parliamentary tricks the Democrats used to pass a bill that almost none of them had read. Landrieu, who is up for reelection next year, lied on TV. She should apologize. 9. SEN. KAY HAGAN (D-NC): “We need to support the private insurance industry so that people who have insurance they’re happy with can keep it while also providing a backstop option for people without access to affordable coverage.” (“Republicans Vent As Other Compromise Plans Get Aired,” National Journal’s Congress Daily, 6/18/09)160,000 residents of North Carolina has lost their health coverage. Sen. Hagan has been most aggressive in trying to separate herself from ObamaCare. No wonder, since even a Democrat poll has found her now in a statistical tie with any of her possible Republican challengers. In September,  Hagan held a 12-17 point lead. She is up for reelection next year and should apologize. 8. SEN. MARK BEGICH (D-AK): “If you got a doctor now, you got a medical professional you want, you get to keep that. If you have an insurance program or a health care policy you want of ideas, make sure you keep it. That you can keep who you want.”Begich won his Senate seat in 2008, after DOJ staffers trumped up false charges against the sitting GOP Senator Ted Stevens. Begich is running for reelection in Alaska, without the Obama wave and without a mythical DOJ investigation. He should apologize. 7. SEN. MICHAEL BENNET (D-CO): “We should begin with a basic principle: if you have coverage and you like it, you can keep it. If you have your doctor, and you like him or her, you should be able to keep them as well. We will not take that choice away from you.”Sen. Bennet heads to DSCC, the party arm to elect Democrats to the US Senate. He will have an outsized role in races across the country. He said his position on ObamaCare was based on a “basic principle.” He should apologize.  6. SEN. PATTY MURRAY (D-WA): “Again, if you like what you have, you will be able to keep it. Let me say this again: If you like what you have, when our legislation is passed and signed by the President, you will be able to keep it.” (Sen. Murray, Congressional Record, S.6400, 6/10/09)Let me say this again, as a senior member, and now Chair of the Budget Committee, Sen. Murray must have been in a position to know that these claims were false. She won her first race for Senate campaigning as a “soccer mom” in “tennis shoes.” Insert your own joke. 290,000 residents of Washington have lost their health insurance. She should apologize. 5. SEN. TOM HARKIN (D-IA): “One of the things we put in the health care bill when we designed it was the protection for consumers to keep the plan they have if they like it; thus, the term ‘grandfathered plans.’ If you have a plan you like –existing policies–you can keep them. …we said, if you like a plan, you get to keep it, and you can grandfather it in.” (Sen. Harkin, Congressional Record, S.7675-6, 9/29/10)Sen. Harkin has long been a slippery politician. As Chair of the Health Committee in the Senate, Harkin would have had more intimate knowledge of ObamaCare than most other lawmakers. His yowler here is he tries to claim that the “put in” language to ensure people could keep the plan they like. That is a sin of commission. Harkin, who is retiring, should absolutely apologize. 4. SEN. CHUCK SCHUMER (D-NY): “If you like your insurance, you keep it.” (U.S. Senate, Finance Committee, Bill Mark-Up, 9/24/09)Schumer, who was in a position to know the inner-workings of the law seems to have lied. Asking him for an apology, though, is like asking Anthony Weiner to become modestly self-aware. Still, he should apologize. 3. SEN. DICK DURBIN (D-IL): “This bill before us on the Senate floor makes it clear that if you have an insurance policy that you like, you can keep it. If you like the doctor that you’re currently doing business with, you can continue to use that doctor.” (Sen. Durbin, Teleconference, 12/4/09)Durbin is the Number 2 Democrat in the Senate, amazingly. He seems preternaturally disposed to obscuring the truth. He actually said the legislation “makes it clear” that you can keep your insurance. He either can’t read legislation or he was intentionally misleading the public. In any event, he should apologize. 2.SEN. HARRY REID (D-NV):”In fact, one of our core principles is that if you like the health care you have, you can keep it.” (Sen. Reid, Congressional Record, S.8642, 8/3/09)Core principles, apparently, aren’t what they used to be. Sen. Reid emptied out the parliamentary cupboard to get ObamaCare passed. As Majority Leader, he had to have a keen understanding of what was in the bill and what the consequences would be. The White House, at the time, was aware of the fact that many Americans would lose their health insurance. Surely, Sen. Reid was privy to the same information. He should apologize.And, the #1 Senate Democrat who should apologize… 1. SEN. MAX BAUCUS (D-MT): “That is why one of the central promises of health care reform has been and is: If you like what you have, you can keep it. That is critically important. If a person has a plan, and he or she likes it, he or she can keep it.” (Sen. Baucus, Congressional Record, S.7676, 9/29/10)Sen. Baucus wrote most of the bill that became ObamaCare. He has been steeped in health care policy for decades. He was in a position to know, and had to know, that the “central promise” that people could keep their current health care coverage was a lie.He should apologize, but unfortunately, he has chosen to retire rather than face the voters. I can only hope he does not go softly into the night.  PoliticsCongressMary LandrieuSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWashington (CNN) – The No. 3 House Democrat on Sunday blamed a culture of sound bites for President Barack Obama's reneged promise that Americans would be able to keep their existing health insurance plans under the Affordable Care Act. "And this is a sound bite that the President probably needed to take some more time to explain to the American people," Rep. James Clyburn, D-South Carolina, said Sunday on CNN's "State of the Union with Candy Crowley."

[twitter-follow screen_name='politicalticker'] [twitter-follow screen_name='KilloughCNN']After millions of people received cancellation notices for their health plans, Obama faced considerable pushback over his promise to Americans that the new health care reform would not affect those who are already happy with their insurance policies. "If you like your health insurance, you can keep it," Obama repeatedly told Americans when selling his signature piece of legislation. After that turned out not to be the case, Obama on Thursday announced his administration would allow insurance companies to extend those canceled policies for a year. Clyburn, the House assistant Democratic leader, said Obama relied too heavily on a sound bite-friendly selling point, rather than spelling out that he was only referring to plans in place before the Affordable Care Act became law in 2010 and hadn't changed since. Fact Check: If you liked your health plan, you can keep your health plan"One of the things in Washington that I dislike more than anything else is when people say to me, 'If you're explaining it, you're losing it.' I don't like that at all. I really believe the American people are deserving of explanations," he said, also blaming the media for not fully explaining the new legislation. With recent polls showing the President is considered less trustworthy than in the past, Obama on Thursday said he expects he'll need to regain Americans' faith after the rocky rollout of HealthCare.gov and his broken promise about existing plans.Clyburn said he was confident Obama can do so."Paradise lost, paradise regained. When you lose something you can find it again," he said. "The President admitted that he expects to be held responsible for regaining the Americans' trust, and I think he will."Watch State of the Union with Candy Crowley Sundays at 9am ET. For the latest from State of the Union click here.tony – you are ridiculous. Most people in a single payor system would love the options available in the US compared to a what they are "stuck" with in the single payor system. You see, in the single payor system, people don't have the choice of a particular procedure or a medication....they are simply told what they can and can't have. I work in the healthcare industry and I have seen/heard firsthand the horror stories of the cancer patient being denied the chemotherapy drug that made her feel better because her provincial government felt it wasn't necessary so they wouldn't cover it.  If she wanted the drug outstide the insurance company, it would cost her $5000/month. Or the guy with bilateral knee pain who had to wait 8 months just to get an MRI on ONE knee and ANOTHER 8 months to get the MRI on the other knee.  Or the guy with painful varicose veins who inquired about the new, minimally invasive vein stripping that is less painful, and requires only 1 day of downtown and missed work but was told that the government insurance only covered the archaic operative stripping that required 2 weeks off of work and was more painful with greater risk of complications.  It's more than just premiums, payments, etc.  The most important thing about the US healthcare system is the availability of CHOICE and involvement in your care. People in single payor systems don't question their care because they can't – they have no choice.  They can't decide if they have some rare disease to travel to the center with the greatest experience and outcomes managing this disease.  Instead they are relegated to their local hospital, local physicians, local experience. If that sounds appealing to you – go for it....move to a country with a single-payor system and pray that you don't fall ill...So, Mr. Clyburn, did you read the bill?Sound bites are all politicians use, in part because that's about the attention span of the average American voter.The problem here is basically a timeline problem. January 1, 2014 should have been the date when three things happened:a) The first policies purchased through the exchanges take effect on January 1, 2014.b) Policies that don't meet ACA guidelines could no longer be sold starting January 1, 2014.c) People can keep any policies in effect prior to January 1, 2014 under a grandfather provision as long as they are not changed significantly.The timeline problem is that for three and a half years now insurers have been able to sell policies that don't meet the ACA's guidelines and don't qualify for the grandfathering provision. Instead of letting people keep any policies in effect prior to January 1, 2014, the cutoff was when the bill took effect in March 2010.That was dumb. The bill should never have been written that way. Had it been written as I suggested the only time the ACA would require the cancellation of a policy is if the terms of the policy (other than premium) changed after January 1, 2014.I am not suprised. He has not once backed a promise he has made. He is obviously a president who just wants his way and does not care about the American people.Obama is the "Sound Bite" President.  How can anyone be surprised at this?And the slows will continue to vote lib................Look, this whole thing smelled badly from the get-go.  When you let some guy with no experience at managing anything take the big stage, you get what you get.  He never fooled me for a moment.......I sat by uncomfortably waiting for something like this to happen.Worst POTUS ever!!!  EVER!!!The soundbite I remember:  "I'm going to change the way things work in Washington."From the Obama dictionary : "soundbite" – Bold faced lie.Why is it always about Obama and his credibility?  Millions of people had their policies cancelled due to this awful bill that was never read and its still about him. Can we agree he is an incompetent liberal and move on?Ton"...Having lots of experience of both sides, I don't know anyone on the single payer system who would swap to the US (Reagan-who-cares) "system""
_____________________________
then why are people coming to the USA for treatment they cannot get fr their "single payer system"? See the the guy coming here for gastric bypass b/c he cannot have it done in UK. See the siamese twins fr Germany that came here to  be separated. None of this is available in their countries. The best doctors in the world are here in USA. Thanks to Obamacare they will be just like the "single payer countries", gone!Tony in STLTony STL-"Our President has the WORST supporting cast I've ever seen! He's done an excellent job, however the people around him have been totally ineffective. You will be fired! Our President doesn't have to worry about that, now does he? How sad. God bless our President and the US!"
______________________________________
Typical liberal kool aid drinker. Its not Obama's fault its Bush, Republicans, media, Arab Springs, sponteaneous attack by demostrators, few rogue agents in in Cincinnati, Tea party, FBI, CIA, DC  and now its the people that Obama himself, hired fault. Obama is responsbile for nothing right? Truly amazing!!!"Sound bytes" – Is that wht they call bald-faced lies in DC these days?The insurance company didn't sucker Obama into anything... This is just Obama's way of attempting to spread the wealth... He's not spreading the wealth as he is attempting to force more people on welfare and gov. controlled lives.. Don't want it... Never wanted bama as president and sure as heck don't want a medicaid insurance.He lied get over it.  It's not his first or his last.Too many bad moves by the President.  Obamacare, Benghazi, Eavesdropping, IRS.  Washington needs to go-return State's rights.There is no recovery from this inexcusable bald-face lie. Coupled with the amateur roll out of this ridiculous website, I would say this falls neatly into the category of EPIC FAIL! Presidency defined! NEXT!A politician complains about sound bites? I guess the next thing is complaining about breathing air.This guy has always received a free pass.  Just watch, the media boosters will work overtime to help shift the blame for this fiasco to the insurance industry.....afraid the saying that we deserve the government we vote for is true.  So sad what has happened to this once great country.How is the media supposed to explain the Affordable Care Act when folks like Nancy Pelosi didn't bother to read it. They passed a sham of a bill without reading it.  And I quote "We Have to Pass the Bill So That You Can Find Out What Is In It" – Nancy Pelosiits the people that should be fired  how stupid can you be you didnt see this coming ?????? most would give up organs as long as they got to truffle off to their under paid, over taxed job  and if obama said you can get a tax deduction with obama care and long as you got rifd they would do itThe reason he didn't explain it more clearly is because if he did the law wouldn't have passed.  The President, his staff and the Democrat leadership all knew this was going to happen based on their own studies while drafting the law.  And they're okay with that because they need all these people to lose their coverage and be forced into the exchanges.  It's the only way for the law to succeed.President Obama is nothing but a "sound bite"!Seems to me the Democratic leaders are running scared and hanging the President out to dry...Pelosi's performance over the weekend was priceless...she was a primary proponent (and healthcare staockholder), her staff (ie Lobbyists) were the primary authors...but we have to pass it to see what's in it...Pelosi and Reid have to go...By David Lawder and Mark Felsenthal WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The White House sought to limit the political damage from the troubled rollout of the government's healthcare website on Wednesday as Republicans increased the pressure to delay parts of President Barack Obama's signature domestic policy. Obama administration officials held a closed-door briefing for Democrats in the House of Representatives and a private session with insurance company executives to discuss efforts to fix the Healthcare.gov website. Republican critics in Congress demanded a delay in a requirement of the healthcare law that uninsured Americans must purchase insurance or face a tax penalty and said they would intensify their investigations into the launch of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, known as "Obamacare." "It is our job to hold them accountable, and when it comes to Obamacare clearly there is a lot to hold accountable," House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner told reporters on Wednesday. The administration is trying to preserve Democratic Party unity on the issue, which showed signs of fraying. The head of the Democratic National Committee, Representative Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida, told MSNBC the administration should be willing to extend the open-enrollment period for people to sign up for insurance. It ends on March 31. Representative James Clyburn of South Carolina, the third-ranking House Democrat, criticized the website for forcing consumers to provide private information before deciding what kind of health insurance plan they want to buy. "I've talked to too many people who tell me before they ever get around to figuring out what it is they want to buy, they're having to answer questions that they don't feel they should be answering," Clyburn said. Max Baucus, the Democratic chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, said in a statement that he hopes to meet with other committee members in the coming weeks, but said he would wait until after the website is repaired. Republicans are not waiting. The House Energy and Commerce Committee on Thursday will hear from the top contractors responsible for the program, including website developer CGI Federal. 'WORKING HARD TO FIX THE PROBLEMS' Online exchanges, or marketplaces, were designed to be the main way for millions of uninsured Americans to research and buy health insurance plans under the law, but the October 1 debut has been marred by technical glitches that have kept many from signing on and making purchases. Those unable to sign up online can call a toll-free telephone number as an alternative. The administration has so far declined to disclose the number of enrollments, either online or by telephone. A prolonged delay in getting Healthcare.gov to work could jeopardize White House efforts to sign up as many as 7 million people in 2014, the first full year the law takes effect. The administration this week began what it called a "tech surge," bringing in experts led by the administration's top economic aide Jeffrey Zients to analyze and fix the problems. "I think what we learned is they're working hard to fix the problems," Representative Sander Levin of Michigan, senior Democrat on the House Ways and Means Committee, said after Wednesday's briefing. The Health and Human Services Department will begin regular news briefings on Thursday to provide updates on "the progress that's being made and on the efforts that are being undertaken, both to address the technical problems and to make the whole experience for American consumers better," White House spokesman Jay Carney said. House Democrats said there was no discussion in the briefing about whether the problems should lead to a delay of the individual requirement that every American have insurance or pay a tax penalty. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated a delay would reduce enrollment significantly. REPUBLICANS DEMAND DELAY Republicans, who have fought the healthcare law as an unwarranted extension of the federal government, said the requirement should be delayed until the problems with the rollout are resolved. "With so many unanswered questions and the problems arising around this rollout, it doesn't make any sense to impose this one percent mandate tax on the American people," House Republican Leader Eric Cantor told reporters on Wednesday. Republicans have repeatedly tried to derail or delay the healthcare law since taking control of the House in the 2010 elections. They demanded more answers on Wednesday about the scope of the problems. Three committees in the Republican-controlled House have announced investigations of the law's rollout, which Cantor described as "nothing short of a debacle." HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius has been the focal point of criticism and Republicans have demanded she step down, but so far the White House has rallied around her. Denis McDonough, the White House chief of staff, told the New York Times on Tuesday that Sebelius "has the president's confidence. And she knows that." In the same article, an unidentified White House aide also appeared to try to distance Sebelius from the website troubles, and was quoted as saying, "Kathleen has the title, but she doesn't have the responsibility or in many respects the kind of wide authority and access to the president that she really needs to make a difference." Sebelius, who will testify to Congress next week, and McDonough attended the session with insurance company executives. They included the chief executives of WellPoint Inc, Humana Inc and Aetna Inc among others. WellPoint raised its 2013 membership and profit forecasts in part to reflect coming market changes under the law, its chief executive, Joseph Swedish, said in a statement on Wednesday. (Additional reporting by Amanda Becker, Richard Cowan, Roberta Rampton and Susan Heavey in Washington, Caroline Humer in New York; Writing by John Whitesides; Editing by Fred Barbash, Karey Van Hall, and Grant McCool)Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Carlton Davis tweeted a word used as an anti-Asian slur. He said it has a different meaning in South Florida."Our focus is not on the politics of it. It's on the policy," the Apple CEO said in a new interview.The high court said Google did nothing wrong in copying code to develop the Android operating system now used on most smartphones.  To create Android, which was released in 2007, Google wrote millions of lines of new computer code.  It also used about 11,500 lines of code copyrighted as part of Oracle's Java platform.A fake Kaitlin Bennett quote is spreading in the form of an altered image. Image forensics suggests someone altered an image to create the fake quote.Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemJane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsSign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.William P. White, the D.C. insurance commissioner, told the Washington Post that D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray’s top deputies said Gray “wants to go in a different direction” after White was one of the first commissioners to push back against Obama’s “fix.”Though White said he was not told that he was specifically fired for his criticism, he “said the timing was hard to ignore.” He said that 24 hours after his criticism, he was ‘basically being told, ‘Thanks, but no thanks.'”Obama, in a Thursday White House press conference, announced an administrative fix that would allow insurance companies to extend plans that they have cancelled for another year. After that press conference, White, according to the Post, said Obama’s “action today undercuts the purpose of the exchanges, including the District’s DC Health Link, by creating exceptions that make it more difficult for them to operate.”He also said that he concurred with the National Association of Insurance Commissioners’s assessment that Obama’s administrative fix “threatens to undermine the new market, and may lead to higher premiums and market disruptions in 2014 and beyond.”According to the Post, “White’s statement was removed from the department’s Web site sometime before Friday morning.”White was “Gray’s commissioner for the D.C. Department of Insurance, Securities and Banking since February 2011.” D.C. officials said he was removed because any criticism of Obama’s administrative fix needed to be vetted more thoroughly, and White failed acknowledge the misstep of not sending his statement criticizing Obama higher up the chain of command before releasing it. After Obama falsely promised Americans that they could keep their insurance plans under Obamacare, he has scrambled after millions received cancellation notices, and he eventually announced on Thursday his administration will allow insurance companies to let those whose insurance plans were cancelled to re-apply and keep their plans for another year. Whether insurance companies will be allowed to do so, though, will ultimately rest with the insurance commissioners of the states. And others, like Washington state’s insurance commissioner, have already rejected Obama’s “administrative fix,” vowing to “stay the course” with Obamacare. As the Post noted, Obama’s plan “rattled the insurance industry, which had set prices for next year based on many of its products changing to comply with the health-care law,” because “allowing some plans to continue beyond Jan. 1 could also run afoul of provisions in laws passed by dozens of states and the District to implement” Obamacare. PoliticsWashington PostWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Ford Vox says the new delay in employer mandate has made him lose faith in Obama's wisdomHe says businesses lobbied for delay, but the poorly insured and taxpayers pay the priceHe says move delays penalties, protects profits, for businesses that don't meet ACA regulationsVox: Mortally wounding Obamacare before midterm elections helps its opponents
      Editor’s Note: Ford Vox, a brain injury physician at the Shepherd Center in Atlanta, writes widely on medicine and health care policy. Follow him on Twitter.
    
  As a rehabilitation physician, I’ve supported many of the ideas behind the Affordable Care Act since before Barack Obama’s presidency began. During the hot summer of town hall debates surrounding the legislation in 2009, I wrote an essay called “Standing up for Obama’s health plan,” and I have continued highlighting the fundamental advances that all of us, most especially disabled Americans, stand to share under the ACA. 

  But when the Obama administration decided last week to pull out a major pillar of the ACA, they lost my faith in their political wisdom. 

  There was a practical necessity to many of the president’s other compromises in order to get the ACA passed. Regrettably, it gives states just enough power over insurance marketplaces and the Medicaid expansion to continue the unequal and unfair distribution of state-based social services. It allows states to eviscerate Medicaid in ways that don’t make sense. 

  In some states, Medicaid pays to save the life of a stroke victim in the hospital, but then denies adequate rehabilitation services and devices to prevent that person’s ongoing health problems from rapidly placing further strain on the thin social-service safety net. 

  The vast majority of Americans get medical insurance through their employers, although  the number of employers that offer insurance has fallen 10% since 2000, and the insurance they do offer is increasingly lousy. Low-quality insurance, like so-called “mini medical” plans, is common. Employees won’t know their coverage is insufficient until it’s too late. If you work for one of these companies and your child suffers a serious trauma, the 30 visits or fewer these plans offer for outpatient therapy simply won’t be enough. I’ve seen this gut-wrenching situation time and again.

  True health care reform must end this sorry state of affairs in the workplace, where health care is centered. But by postponing for a year the implementation of the ACA’s requirement that employers with more than 50 full-time workers offer insurance of minimally acceptable quality or face fines of $2,000 to $3,000, the administration has weakened the core of health care reform. It is delaying a critical national debate on what the ACA minimums should be.  

  How did this happen? The administration caved to pressure from business lobbyists, who, according to Politico, “mounted a coordinated campaign to convince senior White House officials that their date for requiring coverage was simply impractical.”  It’s too bad patients and health care providers didn’t get their counterbalancing message out. Without it, the business lobby was able to create an atmosphere of false urgency by claiming businesses weren’t ready to start filing the information about the insurance plans they offer (or don’t). 

  Without that critical information, the rest of the already heavily compromised ACA apparatus starts to tilt precariously. How can the government enforce the individual mandate, which requires people to buy insurance if their employers don’t offer it or if they offer insurance that is substandard or overpriced? Without information from businesses, the government won’t know whether individuals are claiming legitimate exemptions or not.

  The federal government has long excelled at helping private businesses attract and retain workers with affordable benefits. American business lobbyists don’t gripe so much about the nearly $200 billion in tax credits the nation grants their clients by designating employer-offered health benefits nontaxable.  You’d think businesses would be pleased that the Congressional Budget Office projects that businesses that don’t offer qualifying insurance plans will be paying only $10 billion in penalties in 2014.  Now they’ll be paying zilch.

  In its notice announcing the ACA delay, the administration correctly states that the vast majority of employers already provide insurance. But so what? The ACA is as much about regulating insurance as encouraging businesses to provide it. 

  America’s employers, left to their own devices, have been exchanging dinky medical insurance for cheaper products and services for too long. Peachtree Hotel Group, which owns a variety of chain hotels, mostly in the South, recently disclosed to The Wall Street Journal how much it nickle-and-dimes  the health of its 550 employees. The company’s chief financial officer says it offers a limited benefit plan, and now that the ACA is delayed for a year, it may increase the employee contribution on the full-benefit plan it was planning to offer next year under the law. 

  The next time you stay at Peachtree’s Courtyard by Marriott in Gulf Shores, Alabama, know that you could be paying a few cents less for your room so that Peachtree can provide capped health coverage to its valued employees. But if a Peachtree employee were to suffer a catastrophic injury, every taxpaying citizen of Alabama would be paying a few cents more to provide the Medicaid coverage and social services the patient needs. 

  Why does it make sense to let companies make irresponsible choices in exchange for a little more profit? These are the kinds of cutthroat business decisions a massive piece of legislation like the ACA should combat. 

  The retail and restaurant lobbyists who stealthily hunted bigger profit margins these past few months will now seize on the act’s wounded carcass. Republicans are already charging that this delay proves the administration knows the ACA is unworkable. They’re using this decision as another opportunity to stop or delay the law. 

  They’re right to do so. The ACA represents a large, painful change for a number of American institutions. Hospitals, doctors, patients, insurers and our government are in for a period of turmoil as these changes pulse through society’s many layers. Handing a reprieve to one of those groups is unfair to the rest of us, and will distort the necessary debates as specific problems come to light just in time for the 2014 midterm elections. 

  The administration should either delay the whole law until 2015 or go forward in 2014 as planned. Mortally wounding the ACA before the coming battle isn’t compromise – it’s foreshadowing. 

  Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter.

  Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion. 

  The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ford Vox.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.The lie of the year, according to Politifact, is “If you like your health care plan, you can keep it.” But the story of the year is a nation waking up to just how radical Obamacare is — which is why it required such outright deception to get it passed in the first place. Obamacare was sold as simply a refinement of the current system, retaining competition among independent insurers but making things more efficient, fair and generous. Free contraceptives for Sandra Fluke. Free mammograms and checkups for you and me. Free (or subsidized) insurance for some 30 million uninsured. And, mirabile dictu, not costing the government a dime.In fact, Obamacare is a full-scale federal takeover. The keep-your-plan-if-you-like-your-plan ruse was a way of saying to the millions of Americans who had insurance and liked what they had: Don’t worry. You’ll be left unmolested. For you, everything goes on as before. That was a fraud from the very beginning. The law was designed to throw people off their private plans and into government-run exchanges where they would be made to overpay — forced to purchase government-mandated services they don’t need — as a way to subsidize others. (That’s how you get to the ostensible free lunch.)It wasn’t until the first cancellation notices went out in late 2013 that the deception began to be understood. And felt. Six million Americans with private insurance have just lost it. And that’s just the beginning. By the Department of Health and Human Services’ own estimates, about 75 million Americans would have plans that their employers would have the right to cancel. And millions of middle-class workers who will migrate to the exchanges and don’t qualify for government subsidies will see their premiums, deductibles and co-pays go up. It gets worse. The dislocation extends to losing one’s doctor and drug coverage, as insurance companies narrow availability to compensate for the huge costs imposed on them by the extended coverage and “free” services the new law mandates.But it’s not just individuals seeing their medical care turned upside down. The insurance providers, the backbone of the system, are being utterly transformed. They are rapidly becoming mere extensions of the federal government.Look what happened just last week. Health and Human Services unilaterally and without warning changed coverage deadlines and guidelines. It asked insurers to start covering people on Jan. 1 even if they signed up as late as the day before and even if they hadn’t paid their premiums. And is “strongly encouraging” them to pay during the transition for doctor visits and medicines not covered in their current plans (if covered in the patient’s previous — canceled — plan). On what authority does a Cabinet secretary tell private companies to pay for services not in their plans and cover people not on their rolls? Where in Obamacare’s 2,500 pages are such high-handed dictates authorized? Does anyone even ask? The bill itself is simply taken as a kind of blanket warrant for HHS to run, regulate and control the whole insurance system. Remember the uproar over forcing religious institutions to provide contraception coverage? The president’s “fix” was a new regulation ordering insurers to provide these services for free. Apart from the fact that this transparent ruse does nothing to resolve the underlying issue of conscience — God sees — by what right does the government order private companies to provide free services for anyone? Three years ago I predicted that Obamacare would turn insurers into the lapdog equivalent of utility companies. I undershot. They are being treated as wholly owned subsidiaries. Take the phrase “strongly encouraging.” Sweet persuasion? In reality, these are offers insurers can’t refuse. Disappoint your federal master and he has the power to kick you off the federal exchanges, where the health insurance business of the future is supposed to be conducted.Moreover, if adverse selection drives insurers into a financial death spiral — too few healthy young people to offset more costly, sicker, older folks — their only recourse will be a government bailout. Do they really want to get on the wrong side of the White House, their only lifeline when facing insolvency? I don’t care a whit for the insurance companies. They deserve what they get. They collaborated with the White House in concocting this scheme and are now being swallowed by it. But I do care about the citizenry and its access to a functioning, flourishing, choice-driven medical system.Obamacare posed as a free-market alternative to a British-style single-payer system. Then, during congressional debate, the White House ostentatiously rejected the so-called “public option.” But that’s irrelevant. The whole damn thing is the public option. The federal government now runs the insurance market, dictating deadlines, procedures, rates, risk assessments and coverage requirements. It’s gotten so cocky it’s now telling insurers to cover the claims that, by law, they are not required to.Welcome 2014, our first taste of nationalized health care.  Read more from Charles Krauthammer’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.  Read more about this topic:   George F. Will: Obama ignores separation of powers  Charles Krauthammer: Why liberals are panicked about Obamacare  Michael Gerson: What Obamacare has cost Democrats   Charles Krauthammer: Obamacare laid bare  E.J. Dionne Jr.: The noise around Obamacare  We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.By Walter ShapiroMost second-term presidents become fixated on global affairs because the world beyond our shores, with all its strife and misery, often seems more malleable than life in Washington, with its fractious Congress and waning electoral mandate. The trick, though, for a foreign policy president, is to be good at it—and these days those skills appear to be eluding Barack Obama. This week’s biggest rebuke to Obama foreign policy was not Wednesday’s House hearing on Benghazi with its wrenching narrative of the September night that Ambassador Chris Stevens was killed in Libya. Nor was it Friday morning’s revelation  of new Benghazi-related documents. More embarrassing was a front-page article in last Sunday’s New York Times detailing how Obama erred last August when he impetuously declared that Syria’s use of chemical weapons in its civil war would be a “red line.” It’s a simple rule: Presidents should never make threats until they have worked out how they would enforce them. But Obama violated it with his stern but ill-considered warning to Syrian strongman Bashar Assad. The Times article quotes one anonymous top government official claiming, “What Obama said in August was unscripted” and “nuance got completely dropped.” Barry Pavel, a former national security adviser to Obama, said flatly, “I’m not convinced it was thought through.”Current and former foreign policy advisers usually fall on their swords to protect a president’s reputation for sagacity. Only long afterward, when the “if only he had listened to me” memoirs are published, do we finally get a glimpse of what really happened in the White House. That’s why it’s telling that Obama insiders are already willing to trash the president for his all-bluster “red line” rhetoric.The reason for the finger-pointing at Obama is that America is now caught in a loose-lips-create-slips dilemma. Without any good policy options available and a growing isolationist mood among voters, Obama must decide what to do in response to highly probable evidence that forces loyal to Assad used banned chemical weapons. Arming the rebels, many of whom are Islamic militants, carries its own risk, yet doing nothing makes America appear feckless and irresolute. Playing for time, Obama has been reduced to linguistic hair-splitting. Asked at a Tuesday press conference about perceptions that Syria has crossed his supposed red line, Obama said lamely, “I don't make decisions based on ‘perceived.’ And I can't organize international coalitions around ‘perceived.’ We've tried that in the past, by the way, and it didn't work out well.”That, of course, was a reference to George W. Bush and his fallacious weapons-of-mass-destruction pretext for the Iraq War. As a presidential candidate, Obama presented himself as the antithesis of this kind of shoot-first foreign policy impetuousness. But, as president, it’s startling how much Obama resembles Bush in many aspects of national security policy.Take Guantanamo, where currently about 100 of the remaining detainees are waging a hunger strike. Asked at a recent press conference about the Bush-era Cuban detention camp that he has repeatedly vowed to close, Obama sounded more like an outside critic than a president: “It hurts us in terms of international standing. … It is a recruitment tool for extremists. It needs to be closed.” Despite intermittant efforts by Obama since taking office, Congress has refused to allow the president to close Guantanamo. But that does not make Obama a helpless bystander with no control over this symbolic blot on America’s international reputation.  The president has refused to use his existing legal authority (using waivers from the Defense Department) to repatriate 86 low-risk detainees, mostly from Yemen, whose cases have been reviewed by American authorities. Some of these prisoners were rank-and-file al-Qaida soldiers back in 2001, and others were probably picked up by mistake. But today these detainees would be less of a threat sent back to their home countries then they are as enduring symbols of an American gulag on Guantanamo. Then there are the drones. Bush may have initiated the airborne assassination program in  2004, but Obama has made it a hallmark of his response to terrorism. With his drone policy, Obama has embraced three of the worst aspects of Bush-era national security policy: an obsession with secrecy; a contorted view of legal norms, especially the definition of “imminent threat”; and a refusal to consider that American tactics may create more terrorists than they kill. In Pakistan alone, based on the best independent statistics, Obama has ordered six times as many drone strikes as ever Bush did.  The silence from most Democrats on these troubling aspects of Obama foreign policy has been dispiriting. Had Bush made toothless threats to Syria, force-fed prisoners in Guantanamo or rained death from the air in Pakistan on a weekly basis, liberals in Congress would be sputtering with outrage. Instead, with a few conspicuous exceptions—like Oregon Senator Ron Wyden on drones—the dominant feeling appears to be that if Obama does it, it has to be right.Ever since George McGovern lost 49 states to Richard Nixon in 1972, Democrats have cowered in terror at the thought of being branded as soft on national security. This may partly explain Obama’s timorousness on Guantanamo and the president’s embrace of drone strikes as a way of being tough against terrorists without risking American casualties. The Republican obsession with Benghazi is rooted in the belief that the Obama administration was reluctant to label the 2012 Libyan attacks as “terrorism” because that would undermine the president’s narrative in an election year. Wednesday’s hearing—built around the testimony of three mid-level State Department officials—failed to prove anything close to causation. On Friday morning, however, ABC News reported that the State Department had insisted references to prior warnings on terrorism should be airbrushed out of the initial CIA talking points on the Banghazi attack.This was the briefing document that U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice, who drew the short straw as the administration’s TV talker, relied on when she made the rounds of Sunday-morning interviews the week of the attacks. Now, based on the ABC News story,  it seems clear that Victoria Nuland, a career foreign service officer who was Hillary Clinton’s spokesperson at State, had insisted to the White House that these talking points be watered down.Even now, so much about Benghazi remains murky, including how big a scandal it will actually prove to be. Were Nuland’s editing suggestions primarily designed to politically protect Obama and Clinton? Or was this, at its core, a Washington bureaucratic battle over which agency should be blamed for the deaths in Libya—State or the CIA?Security was obviously lax in Benghazi. But was that because Stevens was a fearless diplomat who hated hunkering down behind concrete walls? Or was this related to the CIA’s still-mysterious role on the ground in Benghazi? And did the administration’s self-congratulatory belief in the Libyan revolution play a role in the relaxation of vigilence? Remember, Libya was Obama’s success story from the "Arab spring"—the nation where a dictator was toppled by America boldly leading from behind. Despite the documents discovered by ABC News, my guess is that the tragedy in Benghazi and its muddled aftermath had far more to do with human error than major-league conspiracy. In fact, given the way that Obama has handled his “red line” in Syria, the case for human error seems quite compelling.Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Carlton Davis tweeted a word used as an anti-Asian slur. He said it has a different meaning in South Florida."Our focus is not on the politics of it. It's on the policy," the Apple CEO said in a new interview.The high court said Google did nothing wrong in copying code to develop the Android operating system now used on most smartphones.  To create Android, which was released in 2007, Google wrote millions of lines of new computer code.  It also used about 11,500 lines of code copyrighted as part of Oracle's Java platform.A fake Kaitlin Bennett quote is spreading in the form of an altered image. Image forensics suggests someone altered an image to create the fake quote.Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemJane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.State Department official says he never believed the attack was a protestKey lawmaker says administration is not cooperating with investigationRep. Elijah Cummings accuses GOP of trying to "smear" officialsAnother hearing witness said it was "inexplicable" attack review ignored key points
      Pat Smith, whose son died in the Benghazi attack reacts to the hearings on ‘The Lead with Jake Tapper’ CNN today 4pm ET
    
  Late on the night of last September 11, U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens spoke to his deputy for the final time from the diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya.

  “Greg, we’re under attack,” Stevens told Gregory Hicks.

  Within hours, Stevens and three other Americans were dead, victims of an armed terrorist assault that has since become a political and foreign policy flashpoint in Washington’s partisan wars.

  The dramatic narrative recounted by Hicks at a six-hour Republican-led House hearing on Wednesday reflected the knowledge of a high-level insider who was in Libya that long night and was deeply involved in trying to react to events. 

  His efforts to determine the circumstances of the attack and muster help for those under siege in eastern Libya were later praised by his superiors and by President Barack Obama.

  The step-by-step account riveted the Oversight Committee proceeding that was also marked by sharp partisan exchanges over the merits of continued congressional inquiries over the attack.

  What the Obama administration has said about the Libya attack

  Republicans once again accused the Obama administration of trying to cover up the fact that it was a well-orchestrated assault by militants, failing to adequately explain events to the public, and then refusing to cooperate with congressional investigators.

  Democrats once again accused Republicans of using tragedy for political gain.

  Hicks – praised by Republicans as a “whistleblower” but who says he has since been effectively demoted – was joined at the witness table by Eric Nordstrom, a former regional security officer in Libya, and Mark Thompson, the State Department’s acting deputy assistant secretary for counterterrorism.

  Our goal “is to get answers, declared committee chairman Rep. Darrell Issa, R-California.  “The administration, however, has not been cooperative.”

  Hicks described in personal detail how he missed Stevens’ initial call and then reached him by cell phone as the attack unfolded in phases.

  “I got the ambassador on the other end and he said, ‘Greg, we’re under attack.’”

  He recounted the efforts of a security response team on site that drove back the attackers, and “repeated attempts” by those on the ground to enter the burning compound to try and rescue Stevens and others.

  He then said that Stevens was at a hospital that was controlled by a group that he said Twitter feeds identified as leading the attack. Was it a trap to lure more Americans?

  Then the worst news about his boss.

  “I received a call from the prime minister of Libya. I think it’s the saddest phone call I’ve ever had in my life. He told me that Ambassador Stevens had passed away,” Hicks said.

  Mother of Benghazi victim: I blame Hillary

  A slow-to-evolve explanation

  Oversight committee Republicans continued to go after televised remarks by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice five days after the attack. In them, she insisted it was the result of a spontaneous demonstration over an anti-Islam film that turned violent.

  GOP critics believe Rice was shielding Obama at the height of his re-election campaign during which there were times that he trumpeted U.S. successes in combating terrorism, including the death of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden in 2011.

  Administration officials say Rice was using official talking points that relied on the best available information at the time.

  Rep. Patrick McHenry, R-North Carolina, asked Hicks if there was any evidence early on that the attack was a protest.

  “No, there was none,” Hicks said. “I’m confident Ambassador Stevens would have reported a protest immediately if one appeared on his door.”

  Hicks also said an inflammatory anti-Muslim YouTube video initially cited as a cause of the alleged protest was “a non-event in Libya.”

  He previously insisted administration officials immediately knew the culprit was al Qaeda.

  “I think everybody in the mission thought it was a terrorist attack from the beginning,” Hicks told investigators in interviews before the hearings.

  In fact, Hicks said during the hearing that he was told by the Libyan president soon afterward that elements with possible terror links were thought to be behind the assault.

  The veteran diplomat said his “jaw dropped” and he was both “stunned” and “embarrassed” when Rice said the attack was a response to the YouTube video.

  Boehner calls for White House to release Benghazi emails

  Hicks also argued the U.S. military could have blunted the attack by scrambling intimidating military aircraft from Italy’s Aviano Air Base – an assertion denied by Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey when he testified before Congress in February.  

  Dempsey told Congress it would take up to 20 hours to scramble the aircraft to get to Benghazi; Hicks said he believed it would take two to three hours.

  “I was speaking from my perspective … on the ground in Tripoli based on what the defense attache told me,” Hicks said when asked by 

  Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the top Democrat on the Oversight panel, asked Hicks if he had any reason to question Dempsey’s assertion.

  Finally, Hicks claimed four members of the military were ready to board a plane from Tripoli to Benghazi, but were prevented from doing so by their superiors.  

  “How did the personnel react at being told to stand down?” asked Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah.

  “They were furious,” said Hicks. “I can only say, well, I will quote Lieutenant Colonel Gibson who said, ‘This is the first time in my career that a diplomat has more balls than somebody in the military.’”

  Pentagon officials insist the members of the military in question were told not to go to Benghazi because they were not equipped for combat, and were needed in Tripoli to care for wounded headed their way.

  Analysis: State Department failed to understand dangerous situation in Benghazi

  Nordstrom said in written testimony it was “inexplicable” that a followup internal State Department review ignored “the role senior department leadership played before, during, and after” the attack.

  In the run-up to the hearing, Issa trickled out testimony from the witnesses in an apparent attempt to build anticipation for the session, one of several that have occurred in Congress focusing on security at the compound and the administration’s response.

  Committee Democrats accused Republicans of engaging in a “smear” campaign.

  “What we have seen … is a full-scale media campaign that is not designed to investigate what happened in a responsible and bipartisan way but rather a launch of unfounded accusations to smear public officials,” Cummings said.

  White House spokesman Jay Carney also weighed in, telling reporters that the Benghazi attack “is a subject that has from its beginning been subject to attempts to politicize it by Republicans.”

  He defended defended the administration has “made extraordinary efforts to work with” Congress on multiple investigations.

  Four Americans killed in Benghazi: Why?

  Accusation of playing politics

  For its part, the State Department also accused House Republicans of playing politics with the tragedy.

  “This is not sort of a collaborative process where the committee is working directly with us in trying to establish facts that would help, you know, as we look to keep our people safe overseas in a very complex environment,” State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said on Monday.

  Read the document (pdf)

  Wednesday’s hearing is another chapter in what has become an epic back and forth between Democrats and Republicans on Benghazi, partly stemming from Rice’s televised comments.  The comments are widely believed to have cost her a likely nomination to succeed Hillary Clinton as secretary of state. 

  Some congressional Republicans previously sharply questioned Clinton over the administration’s explanation of events and the state of security at the compound at the time of the attack.

  Clinton has said that she accepted responsibility for the deaths, declaring that as secretary of state, she was “in charge of the State Department’s 60,000-plus people all over the world.”

  In January, Clinton testified for more than five hours before the House and Senate Foreign Relations committees. In her testimony, she acknowledged a “systematic breakdown” on Benghazi and said her department was taking additional steps to increase U.S. security at diplomatic posts.

  At one point at that hearing, Clinton barely controlled her anger as she responded to a lawmaker who pressed her on the administration’s post-attack storyline.

  Critics have questioned the validity of continued congressional scrutiny, especially Democrats, who say Republicans are only interested in discrediting the administration and hurting Clinton’s chances if she were to run for president in 2016.

  Former deputy chief of mission in Libya: U.S. military assets told to stand down

  One Republican congressman, Ohio’s Jim Jordan, used the hearing to criticize top Clinton adviser Cheryl Mills. 

  Hicks said he received a call from Mills, who he added was not happy that a State Department lawyer – described by Republicans as a minder –  was excluded from a briefing on Benghazi in Libya with Hicks, a Republican congressman and others.

  Hicks has been “praised by everybody who counts, the president, the secretary, everyone above him,” Jordan said.  “And yet now, they’re obstructing – because he won’t – he won’t help them cover this up.”

  But former Clinton aide Philppe Reines disputed that characterization, saying the State Department took a cooperative approach with Congress. He said in a written statement that Mills had, in fact, called Hicks to support him.

  “She wanted (people on the ground in Libya) to know that no matter how far away they were from home, they weren’t alone,” Reines said.  “She was with them, and most importantly (Secretary Clinton) was with them.”

  CNN’s Dana Bash, Elise Labott, and Dan Merica contributed to this story.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.In the White House’s latest efforts at transparency, the administration announced to reporters that it would brief reporters on the latest shocking developments about the Benghazi situation … behind closed doors. Politico reports that the meeting started at approximately 12:45 PM ET, and that it moved the normal press briefing to 1:45 PM ET. Jay Carney, White House press secretary, did not comment on whether the meeting took place.Politico reports:The off-the-record session was announced to reporters in the wake of an ABC News report showing that White House and State Dept. officials were involved in revising the now-discredited CIA talking points about the attack on Benghazi.The administration routinely exerts pressure on reporters it feels are not kind enough in their coverage. Reporters like Cheryl Attkisson of CBS News have felt the hand of their bosses for “wading dangerously close to advocacy” with regard to Benghazi. No doubt this “off-the-record” meeting was designed to get all the president’s horses and all the president’s men to put the Benghazi humpty dumpty together again.UPDATE: Reporters not invited to the off-the-record briefing are reportedly incredibly unhappy about it:UPDATE II: Jake Tapper of CNN reports that the regularly scheduled press briefing has been delayed even further:UPDATE III: Politico now reports that the meeting has been characterized as “deep background.” The existence of the meeting itself is considered “off-the-record.” White House spokesman Josh Earnest said, “Deep background means that the info presented by the briefers can be used in reporting but the briefers can’t be quoted.” So expect a fair number of “White House sources” to appear in reportage for the next few days.UPDATE IV: Jay Carney began his on-the-record press briefing by announcing that 14 news organizations were invited to the closed door briefing, but that it was not a substitute for the on-the-record briefing. He then announced that it was “erroneous” to describe the briefing as “off-the-record,” and instead suggested it was “deep background.”Ben Shapiro is Editor-At-Large of Breitbart News and author of the New York Times bestseller “Bullies: How the Left’s Culture of Fear and Intimidation Silences America” (Threshold Editions, January 8, 2013). National SecurityBenghaziPoliticoWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        President Barack Obama jokes with members of the Chilean delegation as President Sebastián Piñera of Chile sits at the Resolute Desk following a bilateral meeting in the Oval Office, June 4, 2013. ((Official White House Photo by Pete Souza))In Chile, they call his acts of buffoonery “Piñeri-cosas" – and, boy, as Pineri-cosas go, this one was a doozy.In an apparent first for a world leader visiting the White House, Chilean President Sebastian Pinera on Tuesday briefly co-opted the President of the United States’ – in this case obviously Barack Obama – Oval Office desk."I’m going to sit at the President of the United States’ desk," Pinera states in Spanish before undertaking the bit of foolery that reportedly broke all manner of long-held White House protocols for visiting leaders, according to a YouTube video of the unfortunate event.[pullquote]Pinera then decisively rounds the hallowed workspace at which Lincoln, Roosevelt – both Teddy and Franklin D. -- JFK and 40 others penned into law untold acts of world-changing legislation, not to mention declarations of war and related political bric-a-brac – and makes himself rather comfortably at home, although without, thankfully, going so far as to put his feet up on the desk.Perhaps to break the obvious tension, Alfredo Moreno Charme, the Chilean Minister of Foreign Affairs, reportedly asked a seemingly awestruck Obama, "How many other presidents have done the same?"To his credit, a cordial and by-then-bemused Obama, who quickly recovered from his initial and barely perceptible bout of surprise, responded in Spanish, “Este es el unico,” or, “This is the only one.”Boisterous laughter ensued among the more than dozen or so dignitaries arranged around the history-laden room, at which point Pinera awkwardly justified the gaffe by explaining, "You know my daughter was born here.”And, indeed, Pinera, a billionaire businessman who ascended in 2010 to his country’s highest office, has rather rich American ties.He reportedly spent some early childhood in New York City, and attended Harvard University before attaining a degree from the prestigious school.  However, his political career has reportedly been beset by the sort of obvious failures he rarely – if ever – experienced in the business world.The reported ample archive of his sundry missteps has reportedly given way to his countrymen’s characterization of similar clownishness as the one apparent on Tuesday in the Oval Office as “Pineri-cosas.”Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Lawmakers blast Russia for allowing Edward Snowden to land in Moscow'That's not how allies should treat one another,' says Sen. SchumerDebate persists over whether Snowden is a hero or a traitor
  The fragile U.S.-Russia relationship – already frayed by disagreements over Syria, Iran and nuclear arms – showed another sign of strain Sunday, as American lawmakers blasted the country’s President Vladimir Putin for allowing NSA leaker Edward Snowden to land in Moscow while evading U.S. espionage charges.

  Snowden, who has admitted leaking top-secret information about government surveillance programs, left Hong Kong on Sunday and later touched down in Moscow, according to Wikileaks, which helped him travel. While Russia is not believed to be his final destination – Ecuador’s prime minister said Snowden applied for asylum in his country – lawmakers on Sunday were quick to fault Putin for harboring a man the U.S. government desperately wants back. 

  “Putin always seems almost eager to put a finger in the eye of the United States, whether it is Syria, Iran, and now, of course, with Snowden,” Sen. Chuck Schumer said on CNN’s State of the Union. “That’s not how allies should treat one another, and I think it will have serious consequences for the United States-Russia relationship.”

  That relationship was already showing signs of strain at last week’s Group of Eight conference in Northern Ireland, where global leaders pressured Putin on his country’s support of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, which extends back to the Cold War and Assad’s father. At a joint appearance that followed a bilateral meeting last week, Putin and President Barack Obama were tense and unsmiling and offered no indication their deep disagreements about the way forward in war-torn Syria were any closer to being resolved.

  Why would Snowden head for Ecuador?

  Later in the week, Obama publicly pressured Russia to join the United States in slashing its supply of nuclear weapons, saying both nations needed to “move beyond Cold War nuclear postures.” 

  Obama delivered his remarks at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin, which for decades symbolized the East-West divide. 

  On Sunday, however, the divide between the United States and Russia persisted. Schumer, a New York Democrat, suggested on CNN that Putin personally approved Snowden’s landing in Moscow on Sunday.

  “Very few are the areas in which he does cooperate (with the U.S.) these days. I think this action, Putin allowing Snowden to land in Russia and then go somewhere else, is going to have serious consequences for the U.S.-Russian relationship,” Schumer said.

  His characterization of Russia’s stance was echoed by Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham, an infrequent ally of Schumer’s, who spoke on “Fox News Sunday.”

  “I hope we’ll chase him to the ends of the earth, bring him to justice and let the Russians know there will be consequences if they harbor this guy,” said Graham, who represents South Carolina.    

  “They want to be part of the world community, the (World Trade Organization). They want a good relationship with the United States. They should hold this felon and send him back home for justice,” Graham said. Russia joined the World Trade Organization last August after nearly two decades of negotiations. Before being admitted, it was the largest economy not represented at the global trade body.

  As lawmakers spoke Sunday, it remained unclear where Snowden’s final destination would be, though he was not expected to remain in Russia. Snowden’s U.S. passport has been revoked, according to a source familiar with the matter, setting up any travel out of Russia to become a major diplomatic flashpoint.

  “Persons wanted on felony charges, such as Mr. Snowden, should not be allowed to proceed in any further international travel, other than is necessary to return him to the United States,” State Department Spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement.

  Earlier in June, Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Russia would consider a request for political asylum from Snowden, but that such a request from the NSA leaker had not yet been made.

  Peskov, in an indication of the Kremlin’s stance, also wrote on Twitter, “The U.S. security services were breaking the laws of their country by tapping phone calls and conducting Internet surveillance.”

  Wikileaks’ Assange urges support for Snowden, slams Obama

  “Snowden, same as Assange, is a human rights activist,” he continued, referring to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, currently holed up at the Ecuadorian Embassy in London, where he’s been granted asylum. 

  Asked Sunday whether he believed Putin had advance knowledge of Snowden’s travel plans, Rep. Mike Rogers, the Republican chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, said, “That wouldn’t surprise me.”

  “Russia is a country that wants to get back on the world stage, and I don’t think they really care if they do it in a way that’s in the best interest of good citizenship around the world,” Rogers said on NBC’s “Meet the Press,” citing Putin’s stance on Syria and nuclear disarmament. 

  “I’m sure they would love to have a little coffee and a few conversations with Mr. Snowden,” continued the Michigan Republican, referring to the Russians. “That’s why this is so serious and why we need to be so aggressive in making sure that people understand the difference between somebody who betrays their country and gives secrets away that will protect American lives at the expense of whatever he hopes to gain in the company of the Russians.”

  Rogers’ remarks underscored the debate between those who believe Snowden committed an act of treason and those who view him as a hero promoting greater government transparency. The debate has created unlikely alliances in Washington, where some Democrats find themselves on the same side as Republicans – and opposite their base – in calling for Snowden’s arrest.

  An empty debate? Why little will happen to change how we snoop

  Rep. Nancy Pelosi, the House Democratic leader, was loudly booed and heckled at a conference of progressives Saturday when she asserted Snowden had broken the law. Earlier, she drew a distinction between lawmakers like herself, who oversee the nation’s security, and privacy-minded citizens.

  “I know that some of you attribute heroic status to that action,” she said, referring to Snowden’s leaks. “But, again, you don’t have the responsibility for the security of the United States. Those of us who do have to strike a different balance.”

  “I don’t think this man is a whistle-blower,” another California Democrat, Sen. Dianne Feinstein, said on CBS’ “Face the Nation.” “Whatever his motives are, and I take him at face value, he could have stayed and faced the music. I don’t think running is a noble thought.”

  That view was countered by Sen. Rand Paul, a libertarian-minded Kentucky Republican who has been one of the few U.S. lawmakers to praise Snowden. While he warned Snowden would be discredited if he “cozies up to the Russian government,” Paul suggested the former CIA employee had lived up to his duty as a citizen by exposing what he felt were government misdeeds.

  “I would say that Mr. Snowden hasn’t lied to anyone. He did break his oath of office, but part of his oath of office is to the Constitution,” Paul said on CNN, adding: “He was simply coming forward and telling the truth – that your government was lying.”

  Obama takes NSA controversy to nascent watchdog group
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News MOSCOW (Reuters) - A tabloid says Vladimir Putin is Russia's most eligible bachelor, but the president may have competition from an American half his age: Edward Snowden, the former U.S. spy agency contractor believed to be holed up at a Moscow airport.Snowden, 30, has received a marriage proposal of sorts in a tweet from Anna Chapman, the glamorous redhead who was one of 10 Russian agents arrested in the United States and deported in a Cold war-style spy swap in 2010."Snowden, will you marry me?!" a posting on a Twitter account bearing Chapman's name and photograph said late on Wednesday.After a few hours with no reply, a second tweet appeared."@nsa, will you look after our children?" it said, a wry reference, perhaps, to the surveillance powers of the U.S. National Security Agency.Chapman, 31, did not immediately respond to an emailed query about the authenticity of the tweets and the proposal to Snowden, who is wanted by Washington on espionage charges.Former NSA contractor Snowden is believed to have been living in a transit area in the Moscow airport since arriving on June 23. He has appealed to various countries for asylum.Putin, 60, who praised Chapman and the other Russian agents deported from the United States, has separated from his wife, prompting the weekly Secrets of the Stars to speculate on his eligibility, under the headline: "Any woman would marry Putin!"(Editing by Robin Pomeroy)© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALSpeaking in Ireland this week, President Obama stated that Catholic schools were divisive: “If towns remain divided–if Catholics have their schools and buildings and Protestants have theirs, if we can’t see ourselves in one another and fear or resentment are allowed to harden–that too encourages division and discourages cooperation.” On Thursday, the American Catholics for Religious Freedom fired back on President Obama’s words to 2,000 young people at the G8 Summit, stating, “President Obama’s anti-faith, secular agenda was shamefully on full display yesterday when he told the young people of Northern Ireland that Catholic education and other faith-based schools were divisive and an obstacle to peace.  All Americans of faith should be outraged by these comments which clearly telegraph the President’s belief system and are in fact at their core even anti-American.”American Catholics for Religious Freedom points out that the media has completely ignored the story, and adds, “Secular progressives like President Obama ignore the truth that faith-based education is a component of the Religious Freedom guaranteed by the Constitution.  He can’t bear the thought that Catholic and parochial schools not only teach important values but consistently produce better educational results at lower cost than America’s failing public schools. The President’s troubling values are showing here in a way that demonstrate just how dangerous this Administration is and how committed it is to eroding the rights of all people of faith.”And, they note, this is the same President who has attempted to cram down anti-Catholic doctrine via Obamacare. “It’s time Americans stood up for Religious Freedom, for the U.S. Constitution and against President Obama’s radical views about the place of faith in American life,” the group concludes.Ben Shapiro is Editor-At-Large of Breitbart News and author of the New York Times bestseller “Bullies: How the Left’s Culture of Fear and Intimidation Silences America” (Threshold Editions, January 8, 2013).PoliticsBen ShapiroNew York Times.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartThe alleged use of deadly chemical weapons by the Syrian regime against civilians and opponents on the anniversary of President Barack Obama’s “red line” statement might have marked the collapse of Obama’s foreign policy–if such policy actually existed. In fact, however, the Obama administration has no foreign policy other than its continued opposition to the perceived postures of George W. Bush, more than four years gone.Obama’s policy in Syria had been to rehabilitate the dictatorship of Bashar al-Assad. Well before he won the presidency, Democrats–including current Secretary of State John Kerry–made a point of visiting Assad to show their approach to foreign relations was different from, and more effective than, the allegedly confrontational approach of the Bush administration. Syria’s nuclear weapons program, exposed when Israel destroyed it in 2007, did not prompt any change in Democrats’ approach to the regime.Therefore Obama renewed diplomatic relations and re-opened the U.S. embassy in Damascus, elevating the status of the regime. Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton even referred to Assad as a “reformer.” The hope was that doing so would convince him to side with the U.S. over Iran, and to win goodwill in the Arab world more generally.In Egypt, the Obama administration adopted a similar approach, i.e. appeasing a tyrant with the intention of establishing a clear break with Bush’s pressure for democratic reforms and encourage a new perception of the U.S. as more open to the Arab and Muslim worlds. In the midst of an orgy of federal spending, Obama cut funding for pro-democracy groups in Egypt and prioritized relations with Hosni Mubarak’s regime.At the same time, however, Obama began trying to rehabilitate the Muslim Brotherhood, not because he wished to encourage a democratic process in Egypt that might include their participation, but because he wished to appease Islamist sentiment in general. His administration refused, for example, to identify radical Islam as the source of terrorism, and even redefined the term “war on terror” itself as “overseas contingency operations.”Therefore when the Arab Spring erupted in 2011, the Obama administration initially tried to argue that he was not a “dictator.” Then, as media criticism began to mount, Obama switched sides and backed Mubarak’s ouster, all the while claiming that he had not, in fact, changed his policy. His previous efforts to rehabilitate the Muslim Brotherhood as a legitimate organization gave some amount–though not much–of legitimacy to that claim. Today, in the aftermath of the Egyptian coup, Obama’s foreign policy has lost even the pretense of principle. He is showing outrage at the Egyptian military’s treatment of the Muslim Brotherhood protestors, cutting some aid and canceling joint military exercises (none of which he did in response to the Brotherhood’s own excesses when in power). Yet he refuses to call the coup itself a “coup,” or to cut all aid to the Egyptian military.Meanwhile, in Syria, Obama is still refusing to do anything that might actually deter the regime from using banned weapons–such as imposing a no-fly zone, for instance–while accelerating aid to the Syrian rebels, who are dominated by anti-American jihadists. His policies are all half-measures and contradictions. Faced with the fact that his academic anti-colonialism has little real-world relevance, he is just avoiding any real commitments.In fact, the only real foreign policy priority of the Obama administration is to avoid being blamed for anything that could possibly go wrong. He concluded his remarks on Egypt last week by insisting: “We don’t take sides with any particular party or political figure. I know it’s tempting inside of Egypt to blame the United States or the West or some other outside actor for what’s gone wrong.” The buck stops…with Egypt, he said. Not with me.That is not to say that the Middle East’s current problems are easy to resolve. Republicans and conservatives have had a tough time coming to a consensus about what should be done. The Arab world presents only bad options and worse options: a genocidal regime in Syria versus brutal jihadist groups; a military tyranny in Egypt versus radical Islamists with hegemonic ambitions. The dangerous temptation to withdraw is strong.The one point of agreement among conservatives–even the likes of Patrick Buchanan, these days–is that the U.S. should primarily be concerned with shoring up Israel against common enemies such as Al Qaeda and Iran. In other words, the best path might be to focus on the sole U.S. ally in the region. But the Obama administration has done the opposite, pressuring Israel and giving Iran leeway, despite continued frustration.It is arguable that the Bush administration had a similarly rudderless foreign policy when it took office in 2001, driven only by the desire to do the opposite of its predecessor. Yet it pulled together a new strategy–however flawed–after 9/11, when circumstances had changed. Obama has failed to learn from crisis–whether the Green Revolution in Iran in 2009, or the Arab Spring and its aftermath. “Not Bush” is a non-policy, but a real failure.National SecurityIranSyriaWar on Terror.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart Michael Hirsh is the National Journal’s chief correspondent.  The events surrounding the deaths of Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens and three other Americans in Benghazi, Libya, on Sept. 11, 2012, look dramatically different depending on your politics. Republicans tend to see a cover-up and a scandal. Democrats see an attempt to damage President Obama and former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton. A Pew poll suggests that the public is divided as well, with 40 percent saying the administration has been dishonest, 37 percent saying it has told the truth, and 23 percent saying they’re not sure. Let’s assess what we do and don’t know. 1. U.N. Ambassador Susan E. Rice gave a deliberately false account of the attack. This is ground zero in the alleged scandal. Conspiracy theorists contend the administration covered up evidence that Stevens was killed in an organized terrorist attack because Obama, during the 2012 campaign, claimed he had “decimated” al-Qaeda. On Sunday talk shows five days after the attack, Rice gave interviews based on talking points supplied by U.S. intelligence agencies; she suggested that Stevens’s death resulted from “spontaneous” protests that spread from the U.S. Embassy in Cairo, provoked by a movie trailer lampooning the prophet Muhammad. In response to charges of a cover-up, the White House this past week released 100 pages of e-mails that show the State Department sought to remove references to possible links to Ansar al-Sharia, an Islamist group tied to al-Qaeda, and to earlier CIA warnings of extremist threats in Benghazi and eastern Libya. Was there a cover-up? It does appear White House spokesman Jay Carney wasn’t giving the full story when he said, at a Nov. 28 briefing, that the White House and State Department had made only a “single adjustment” to the talking points, changing the word “consulate” to “diplomatic facility.” It is also possible that State wanted to tone down or remove passages that might cast the department or Clinton in a bad light.But the e-mails indicate as well that the White House and State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland were mainly concerned with prejudging an ongoing investigation by releasing classified information too soon. And there is little doubt that Rice’s taped remarks reflected the best intelligence assessment of the attacks at the time. As more information came in, intelligence officials changed that assessment publicly. If the talking points were extensively edited after an interagency consultation, that was fairly normal procedure, especially when it came to deleting classified portions referring to specific groups. Rice did allow, in her comments on TV, that “extremist elements” might have taken part in the attack.Even now, the FBI and other agencies are not certain who the culprits were. In that light, the administration’s efforts to remove references to specific groups look more judicious than nefarious. 2. A faster military response would have saved at least some of the four Americans. We will never know for sure. In congressional testimony, Stevens’s former deputy, Gregory Hicks, said his request that the military send in F-16s and Special Operations troops as the attack was underway was refused. The Obama administration has responded that Hicks, a career diplomat, was no military expert. Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and former defense secretary Leon Panetta testified this year that a military rescue mission would not have been practical. Dempsey said it would have taken “up to 20 hours or so” to get F-16s to the site, and he called them “the wrong tool for the job.”Former defense secretary Robert Gates delivered perhaps the most persuasive rebuttal to this myth. On CBS’s “Face the Nation” on May 12, Gates said he probably would have made the same decisions. He also said Hicks’s notion that flying a fighter jet over the attackers might have dispersed them reflected “sort of a cartoonish impression of military capabilities,” ignoring the “number of surface-to-air missiles that have disappeared from [former Libyan leader Moammar] Gaddafi’s arsenals.” 3. Obama and Clinton should not be blamed. This is the Democrats’ favorite myth. In December, Clinton’s own Accountability Review Board concluded that “systemic failures and leadership and management deficiencies” might have contributed to the four deaths. But the report didn’t assign responsibility to any individual, and it confined blame for any mistakes to “two bureaus of the State Department.”In fact, the Obama administration did appear to be playing down or ignoring security threats in Libya at the time. As the report said: “Simply put, in the months leading up to September 11, 2012, security in Benghazi was not recognized and implemented as a ‘shared responsibility’ in Washington, resulting in stove-piped discussions and decisions on policy and security.” The report also noted “known gaps” in the intelligence community’s assessments. And it’s the responsibility of those at the highest levels — the president and the secretary of state — to fill those gaps. In congressional testimony in January, Clinton said that she didn’t read an Aug. 16 cable from Stevens that raised questions about security and that she didn’t know about a decision to reject a request for more security. “I didn’t see those requests. They did not come to me. I did not approve them. I did not deny them,” she said. If so, it’s fair to ask: Why wasn’t Clinton involved?  4. The Benghazi attack could not have been predicted.  The administration’s argument is that there was no specific threat — and it will probably be Clinton’s, too, if she reemerges in public life ahead of 2016. The circumstances were unusual. Stevens was taking extraordinary risks in traveling to Benghazi, where he established contacts with anti-Gaddafi rebels during the uprising. Few U.S. ambassadors would ever be in a similar situation.But these risks were known before the attack. As the Accountability Review Board report concluded, “At the time of the September attacks, Benghazi remained a lawless town nominally controlled by the Supreme Security Council (SSC) — a coalition of militia elements loosely cobbled into a single force to provide interim security — but in reality run by a diverse group of local Islamist militias.” Why was Stevens allowed to travel to such an unsecure place? 5. Benghazi is a pseudo-scandal manufactured by the GOP. Republicans have blown Benghazi out of proportion. It doesn’t appear to have been a cover-up, but neither can it be dismissed. It represents a tragic failure of U.S. policy, one that should spark a larger discussion about whether the government has responded poorly to the Islamist threats that have emerged since the Arab Spring. It is reasonable to ask whether the Obama administration, starting with the president himself, created the conditions for Benghazi by being overconfident about the destruction of al-Qaeda and playing down the significance of extremist elements, possibly linked to al-Qaeda, that had emerged in Libya and elsewhere. Unless these threats are better understood, it is easy to imagine a similar disaster happening elsewhere. Because Benghazi cost precious American lives, it should be investigated carefully rather than politicized endlessly. mhirsh@nationaljournal.com  Read more from Outlook:  Five myths about the Arab Spring  How to prevent the next Benghazi Friend us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter. We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.AdvertisementSupported byBy Jodi RudorenJERUSALEM — President Obama’s position on Syria — punish President Bashar al-Assad for using chemical weapons without seeking to force him from power — has been called “half-pregnant” by critics at home and abroad who prefer a more decisive American intervention to end Syria’s civil war.But Mr. Obama’s limited strike proposal has one crucial foreign ally: Israel.Israeli officials have consistently made the case that enforcing Mr. Obama’s narrow “red line” on Syria is essential to halting the nuclear ambitions of Israel’s archenemy, Iran. More quietly, Israelis have increasingly argued that the best outcome for Syria’s two-and-a-half-year-old civil war, at least for the moment, is no outcome.For Jerusalem, the status quo, horrific as it may be from a humanitarian perspective, seems preferable to either a victory by Mr. Assad’s government and his Iranian backers or a strengthening of rebel groups, increasingly dominated by Sunni jihadis.“This is a playoff situation in which you need both teams to lose, but at least you don’t want one to win — we’ll settle for a tie,” said Alon Pinkas, a former Israeli consul general in New York. “Let them both bleed, hemorrhage to death: that’s the strategic thinking here. As long as this lingers, there’s no real threat from Syria.”The synergy between the Israeli and American positions, while not explicitly articulated by the leaders of either country, could be a critical source of support as Mr. Obama seeks Congressional approval for surgical strikes in Syria. Some Republicans have pushed him to intervene more assertively to tip the balance in the Syrian conflict, while other politicians from both parties are loath to involve the United States in another Middle Eastern conflict on any terms.But Israel’s national security concerns have broad, bipartisan support in Washington, and the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the influential pro-Israel lobby in Washington, weighed in Tuesday in support of Mr. Obama’s approach. The group’s statement said nothing, however, about the preferred outcome of the civil war, instead saying that America must “send a forceful message” to Iran and Hezbollah and “take a firm stand that the world’s most dangerous regimes cannot obtain and use the most dangerous weapons.”After years of upheaval in the Middle East and tension between Mr. Obama and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, the two leaders are now largely in sync on how to handle not just Syria, but also Egypt. Mr. Obama has not withheld American aid to Egypt after the military-backed ouster of the elected Islamist government, while Israel strongly backs the Egyptian military as a source of stability.On Syria, in fact, Israel pioneered the kind of limited strike Mr. Obama is now proposing: four times this year, it has bombed convoys of advanced weapons it suspected were being transferred to Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shiite militia that Israel considers a major threat.It has otherwise been content to watch the current stalemate in Syria pull in what it considers a range of enemies: not only the Syrian Army and Iran, but also Hezbollah, which has thousands of fighters engaged on the battlefronts in Syria, and Sunni Islamists aligned against them.Though Syria and Israel have technically been at war for more than 40 years, the conflict in Syria is now viewed mainly through the prism of Iran. A prolonged conflict is perceived as hurting Iran, which finances Mr. Assad’s war effort. Whether Mr. Obama follows through on his promise to retaliate for the use of chemical weapons is a test of his commitment, ultimately, to prevent an Iranian nuclear bomb — as long as the retaliation does not become a full-scale intervention in Syria.“If it’s Iran-first policy, then any diversion to Syria is not fruitful,” said Aluf Benn, editor of the Israeli newspaper Haaretz. “From the Israeli point of view, the worst scenario is mission-creep in Syria and America gets entangled in a third war in the Middle East, which paralyzes its ability to strike Iran and limits Israel’s ability to strike Iran as well.”This spring, when an Israeli official called for an international response to what he said were earlier Syrian chemical attacks, he was muzzled and reprimanded for appearing to pressure the White House. Now, said Eyal Zisser, a historian at Tel Aviv University who specializes in the region, “it’s clear that Israel does not want to appear as somebody that is pushing the United States for a deep involvement.”There are significant differences between Israel and the United States on Syria. There was widespread criticism here of Mr. Obama’s decision to delay responding to the chemical attack, with the quote “When you have to shoot, shoot, don’t talk” from “The Good, the Bad and the Ugly” becoming a common refrain. One Israeli dentist even took out a large newspaper ad promoting his implant services with a picture of Mr. Obama captioned, “He doesn’t have teeth?”There has also been a broader debate about how best to respond to the war in Syria.When the uprising began, many here saw Mr. Assad, who like his predecessor and father had maintained quiet on the border, as “the devil you know,” and therefore preferable to the rebels, some of whom were aligned with Al Qaeda or Sunni militants like the Palestinian Hamas faction.As the death toll has mounted, more Israelis joined a camp led by Amos Yadlin, a former head of Israeli military intelligence, who argues that the devil you know is, actually, a devil who should be ousted sooner rather than later.That split remains. But as hopes have dimmed for the emergence of a moderate, secular rebel force that might forge democratic change and even constructive dialogue with Israel, a third approach has gained traction: Let the bad guys burn themselves out.“The perpetuation of the conflict is absolutely serving Israel’s interest,” said Nathan Thrall, a Jerusalem-based analyst for the International Crisis Group.Tamara Cofman Wittes, director of the Saban Center for Middle East Policy at the Brookings Institution, was one of several experts who said this view differs from the callous “let them all kill each other” shrug popular here during the long-running Iran-Iraq war. Rather, Ms. Wittes said, the reasoning behind a strike that would not significantly change the Syrian landscape is that the West needs more time to prop up opposition forces it finds more palatable and prepare them for future governing.She cited dangers for Israel if the conflict continues to drag on, including more efforts to transfer advanced weapons to Hezbollah, instability in Lebanon and pressure on Jordan.Despite those threats, Matthew Levitt, who studies the region at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, said Jerusalem and Washington essentially agree that “right now, there’s no good way for this war to end.”Israeli leaders “want Assad to be punished; they’d like it to be punishing enough that it actually makes a difference in the war but not so much that it completely takes him out,” Mr. Levitt said. “The Israelis do not think the status quo is tenable either, but they think the status quo right now is better than the war ending tomorrow, because the war ending tomorrow could be much worse. There’s got to be a tomorrow, day-after plan.”AdvertisementJohn Kerry was making his “beyond a reasonable doubt” case against Syria’s Bashar al-Assad on Wednesday when he gave lawmakers a bit of faulty intelligence. “Just today, before coming in here, I read an e-mail to me about a general, the minister of defense, former minister or assistant minister, I forget which, who has just defected and is now in Turkey,” the secretary of state testified before the House Foreign Affairs Committee. “And there are other defections that we are hearing about because of the potential that we might take action.”A few minutes later, Kerry revised his account: This official-sounding “e-mail” was actually a Reuters news account about a former defense minister based on a claim by the Syrian opposition. “Reuters has now said the Syrian government is saying the defection has not taken place,” Kerry said. “So who knows whether it has or hasn’t?”Who knows? This is the problem with the case the Obama administration is making for attacking Syria. Officials say the evidence is incontrovertible that Assad used sarin gas against his people. Lawmakers emerging from secret, classified briefings seem to agree. But while members of Congress are coming around to an attack on Syria, the American public remains skeptical. Why? Maybe it’s because the government won’t let them in on the secret. The public heard about another “slam dunk” case a decade ago and, then as now, Democratic and Republican lawmakers agreed that the secret evidence was compelling. And it turned out to be wrong. Now, administration officials are telling Americans to trust their assurances that the secret evidence is convincing and that their war planning is solid. But they won’t provide details. Estimates of collateral damage? “Lower than a certain number which I would rather share with you in a classified setting,” Joint Chiefs Chairman Martin Dempsey told lawmakers. Response of the Arab and Muslim countries? “This is something I’d be happier discussing in greater detail with you in the closed session,” Kerry said.Safeguards to keep military action limited? “We can talk about that in a closed session,” Dempsey said. How would Russia and other Syrian allies respond to a U.S. strike? “We all agree that that would be best handled in a classified session,” Kerry said. No, we don’t all agree. The administration’s case against Assad may well be airtight. Walter Pincus, The Post’s longtime intelligence correspondent, tells me he hasn’t heard the sort of doubts from the intelligence community that he heard during the run-up to the Iraq war. The problem is that the refusal to declassify evidence helps opponents such as Russia’s Vladimir Putin cast doubt on the intelligence. The administration is hiding behind the protection of “sources and methods,” but is any foe still unaware of the National Security Agency’s satellite and intercept capabilities? Pincus argues for releasing the intercepts that describe the Syrian regime using the weapons and then ending the barrage, and the satellite imagery showing preparations for an attack and the firing of rockets from Assad-controlled territory. But instead of declassifying, administration officials are being ostentatious about their secrecy, as if protecting their club’s secret handshake.“TOP SECRET/CLOSED,” said the Senate Foreign Relations Committee’s notice for Wednesday’s hearing. “CLOSED,” said the Senate Armed Services Committee’s notice. In “open” testimony Tuesday and Wednesday, the officials encouraged lawmakers to save their questions for secret sessions. Arming the Syrian opposition? That “would require a closed or classified hearing.” The broad effects of the military strike? “I would prefer to speak out in a classified setting.” Could Hezbollah have chemical weapons? “We need to talk about that in our classified session.” Would allies join an attack? It “would not be appropriate to speak about in an unclassified setting.” Could an attack make Assad use chemical weapons again? “I urge you to go to the classified briefing.”At Wednesday’s hearing, Kerry said that “beyond a reasonable doubt, the evidence proves that the Assad regime prepared this attack.” He then dangled this: “In an appropriate setting, you will learn additional evidence which came to us even today.”But isn’t it “appropriate” for the American public to see some hard evidence? During Tuesday’s Senate hearing, Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) asked for the administration to “declassify a higher percentage of the information that we have so the American people and the international community can see it.” Kerry said that the amount declassified is “unprecedented” and that what’s out there now is “sufficient.”He may think so. But it’s not sufficient until the American public believes it.  Twitter: @Milbank  Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.  Read more:  Anne Applebaum: Obama’s mixed messages on Syria  Greg Sargent: The Syria case Obama has to make  David Ignatius: Syria nears a turning point  E.J. Dionne: The Syria debate brings dissent back to foreign policy  Robert Samuelson: The myth of America’s ‘war weariness’  Matt Miller: Six qualms about Syria  Reps. Cotton and Pompeo: GOP should support Obama We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.By Walter ShapiroMost second-term presidents become fixated on global affairs because the world beyond our shores, with all its strife and misery, often seems more malleable than life in Washington, with its fractious Congress and waning electoral mandate. The trick, though, for a foreign policy president, is to be good at it—and these days those skills appear to be eluding Barack Obama. This week’s biggest rebuke to Obama foreign policy was not Wednesday’s House hearing on Benghazi with its wrenching narrative of the September night that Ambassador Chris Stevens was killed in Libya. Nor was it Friday morning’s revelation  of new Benghazi-related documents. More embarrassing was a front-page article in last Sunday’s New York Times detailing how Obama erred last August when he impetuously declared that Syria’s use of chemical weapons in its civil war would be a “red line.” It’s a simple rule: Presidents should never make threats until they have worked out how they would enforce them. But Obama violated it with his stern but ill-considered warning to Syrian strongman Bashar Assad. The Times article quotes one anonymous top government official claiming, “What Obama said in August was unscripted” and “nuance got completely dropped.” Barry Pavel, a former national security adviser to Obama, said flatly, “I’m not convinced it was thought through.”Current and former foreign policy advisers usually fall on their swords to protect a president’s reputation for sagacity. Only long afterward, when the “if only he had listened to me” memoirs are published, do we finally get a glimpse of what really happened in the White House. That’s why it’s telling that Obama insiders are already willing to trash the president for his all-bluster “red line” rhetoric.The reason for the finger-pointing at Obama is that America is now caught in a loose-lips-create-slips dilemma. Without any good policy options available and a growing isolationist mood among voters, Obama must decide what to do in response to highly probable evidence that forces loyal to Assad used banned chemical weapons. Arming the rebels, many of whom are Islamic militants, carries its own risk, yet doing nothing makes America appear feckless and irresolute. Playing for time, Obama has been reduced to linguistic hair-splitting. Asked at a Tuesday press conference about perceptions that Syria has crossed his supposed red line, Obama said lamely, “I don't make decisions based on ‘perceived.’ And I can't organize international coalitions around ‘perceived.’ We've tried that in the past, by the way, and it didn't work out well.”That, of course, was a reference to George W. Bush and his fallacious weapons-of-mass-destruction pretext for the Iraq War. As a presidential candidate, Obama presented himself as the antithesis of this kind of shoot-first foreign policy impetuousness. But, as president, it’s startling how much Obama resembles Bush in many aspects of national security policy.Take Guantanamo, where currently about 100 of the remaining detainees are waging a hunger strike. Asked at a recent press conference about the Bush-era Cuban detention camp that he has repeatedly vowed to close, Obama sounded more like an outside critic than a president: “It hurts us in terms of international standing. … It is a recruitment tool for extremists. It needs to be closed.” Despite intermittant efforts by Obama since taking office, Congress has refused to allow the president to close Guantanamo. But that does not make Obama a helpless bystander with no control over this symbolic blot on America’s international reputation.  The president has refused to use his existing legal authority (using waivers from the Defense Department) to repatriate 86 low-risk detainees, mostly from Yemen, whose cases have been reviewed by American authorities. Some of these prisoners were rank-and-file al-Qaida soldiers back in 2001, and others were probably picked up by mistake. But today these detainees would be less of a threat sent back to their home countries then they are as enduring symbols of an American gulag on Guantanamo. Then there are the drones. Bush may have initiated the airborne assassination program in  2004, but Obama has made it a hallmark of his response to terrorism. With his drone policy, Obama has embraced three of the worst aspects of Bush-era national security policy: an obsession with secrecy; a contorted view of legal norms, especially the definition of “imminent threat”; and a refusal to consider that American tactics may create more terrorists than they kill. In Pakistan alone, based on the best independent statistics, Obama has ordered six times as many drone strikes as ever Bush did.  The silence from most Democrats on these troubling aspects of Obama foreign policy has been dispiriting. Had Bush made toothless threats to Syria, force-fed prisoners in Guantanamo or rained death from the air in Pakistan on a weekly basis, liberals in Congress would be sputtering with outrage. Instead, with a few conspicuous exceptions—like Oregon Senator Ron Wyden on drones—the dominant feeling appears to be that if Obama does it, it has to be right.Ever since George McGovern lost 49 states to Richard Nixon in 1972, Democrats have cowered in terror at the thought of being branded as soft on national security. This may partly explain Obama’s timorousness on Guantanamo and the president’s embrace of drone strikes as a way of being tough against terrorists without risking American casualties. The Republican obsession with Benghazi is rooted in the belief that the Obama administration was reluctant to label the 2012 Libyan attacks as “terrorism” because that would undermine the president’s narrative in an election year. Wednesday’s hearing—built around the testimony of three mid-level State Department officials—failed to prove anything close to causation. On Friday morning, however, ABC News reported that the State Department had insisted references to prior warnings on terrorism should be airbrushed out of the initial CIA talking points on the Banghazi attack.This was the briefing document that U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice, who drew the short straw as the administration’s TV talker, relied on when she made the rounds of Sunday-morning interviews the week of the attacks. Now, based on the ABC News story,  it seems clear that Victoria Nuland, a career foreign service officer who was Hillary Clinton’s spokesperson at State, had insisted to the White House that these talking points be watered down.Even now, so much about Benghazi remains murky, including how big a scandal it will actually prove to be. Were Nuland’s editing suggestions primarily designed to politically protect Obama and Clinton? Or was this, at its core, a Washington bureaucratic battle over which agency should be blamed for the deaths in Libya—State or the CIA?Security was obviously lax in Benghazi. But was that because Stevens was a fearless diplomat who hated hunkering down behind concrete walls? Or was this related to the CIA’s still-mysterious role on the ground in Benghazi? And did the administration’s self-congratulatory belief in the Libyan revolution play a role in the relaxation of vigilence? Remember, Libya was Obama’s success story from the "Arab spring"—the nation where a dictator was toppled by America boldly leading from behind. Despite the documents discovered by ABC News, my guess is that the tragedy in Benghazi and its muddled aftermath had far more to do with human error than major-league conspiracy. In fact, given the way that Obama has handled his “red line” in Syria, the case for human error seems quite compelling.The Russian penetentiary service claimed that Navalny has received a COVID-19 test but has not reported whether he has contracted the disease.The legendary actor, who starred in the original "Ghostbusters," says the latest movie in the franchise has "the feel of the first one."As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The United States expects indirect talks with Iran that begin on Tuesday about both sides resuming compliance with the 2015 Iran nuclear deal to be "difficult" and does not foresee any early breakthrough.  "We don't underestimate the scale of the challenges ahead," U.S. State Department spokesman Ned Price said on Monday.  U.S. and Iranian officials are scheduled to begin indirect talks in Vienna - with European officials expected to act as intermediaries - to try to revive the 2015 pact under which economic sanctions on Iran were eased in return for curbs on Iran's nuclear program to make it harder to develop a nuclear weapon.Torrential rain sparked widespread destruction in eastern Indonesia and neighbouring East Timor.Retail stores across most of Greece were allowed to reopen Monday despite an ongoing surge in COVID-19 infections, as the country battles to emerge from deep recession.  Stores in greater Athens opened for pickup services only but remain closed in Greece's second- and third-largest cities, Thessaloniki and Patras, because of fears of a more serious spike in infections.  “Opening retail businesses ... will provide a decompression valve for our society and will help improve the implementation of (restrictive) measures,” government spokeswoman Aristoltelia Peloni said.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Florida or bust.Johnson & Johnson said it was "assuming full responsibility regarding the manufacturing of drug substance" at Emergent BioSolutions.From monitoring drivers with cameras to hiring Pinkerton spies to surveil European warehouse workers, Amazon keeps a close eye on its workers.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.The next generation of men’s tennis remains a jumble of unrealized potential.  With Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer skipping the Miami Open, the tournament was expected to bring the game’s new faces into sharper focus.  Sunday’s match between No. 37-ranked Hubert Hurkacz and No. 31 Jannik Sinner was the first ATP Masters 1000 final since 2003 with two players ranked outside the top 30."We do our banking on phones. We have our health data on phones," Tim Cook said before asking "why not" expand voting tech to smartphones.The "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" star celebrated Easter by wearing Yeezy 450 slides, a product created by her estranged husband.He is one of several Bollywood stars who have recently tested positive for coronavirus.The finding is concerning, given survivability decreases the longer screening and treatment is delayed.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Residents ordered to evacuate over fears for the pond in the Tampa Bay area, which stores 500 million gallons of water containing radium and uranium.One person who attended a bar opening in Illinois tested positive for COVID-19 the day before the event, the CDC reports. Four had symptoms that day."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.As the Egyptian military effectively declared a coup, overthrowing the elected government of repressive Muslim Brotherhood President Mohammed Morsi, the Obama administration struggled to come up with a coherent strategy to deal with the situation. President Obama released a statement on Morsi’s ouster, suggesting that his administration “does not support particular individuals or political parties, but we are committed to the democratic process and respect for the law.” With those principles in mind, Obama declared himself “deeply concerned” and called for a transition to civilian rule. He refused to state whether the United States would withdraw aid to Egypt, saying only that he had directed a comprehensive review process.Simultaneously, the State Department, which issued a mandatory evacuation order to non-essential personnel on Wednesday, said it would not take sides in the Egyptian situation. “We haven’t taken sides and don’t plan to take sides here,” said State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki.In an embarrassing signifier of the level of chaos plaguing the administration, Secretary of State John Kerry called into the top level meetings from a secure phone. According to CBS producer Mosheh Oinounou, Kerry was on the “Isabel” on Wednesday afternoon. Oinounou said that when another CBS producer yelled “Morsi!” to Kerry, she received no response. Oinounou tweeted this photo:Later, Oinounou reported that the State Department denies his claim that CBS reporters saw Kerry aboard his yacht; the State Department maintains that Kerry has been working on Egypt “all day.”Whether Kerry was working all day or not on the strategy, it’s clear that confusion reigns at the highest levels. President Obama in Cairo in 2009 decried the “overthrow of a democratically-elected Iranian government” in the 1950s; when Honduras’ military ousted a would-be dictator, the Obama administration originally kicked back before caving. Now, it seems that the administration can’t label the military coup a military coup, and won’t label it a democratic movement.President Obama isn’t even leading from behind at this point, simply because he can’t tell which direction is behind.NOTE: This post has been edited to reflect the State Department’s denial of the original CBS report regarding Kerry’s presence on his yacht.Ben Shapiro is Editor-At-Large of Breitbart News and author of the New York Times bestseller “Bullies: How the Left’s Culture of Fear and Intimidation Silences America” (Threshold Editions, January 8, 2013).National SecurityCBSState Department.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Hillary Clinton testifies for more than five hours before two congressional committeesClinton, at one point, grew exasperated with line of questioning over Benghazi responseSome Republican lawmakers say they are not satisfied with Clinton's answersFour Americans killed in September 11 attack, including U.S. ambassador to Libya
  Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Wednesday took on Republican congressional critics of her department’s handling of the deadly September terrorist attack in Libya.

  Conservative GOP members challenged Clinton on the lack of security at the diplomatic compound in Benghazi as well as the erroneous account that the attack grew spontaneously from a protest over an anti-Islam film produced in the United States.

  At two hearings, which together totaled more than five hours, Clinton acknowledged a “systemic breakdown” cited by an independent review of issues leading up to the armed assault and said her department was taking additional steps to increase security at U.S. diplomatic facilities.

  Here are five things we learned from the hearings before the Senate Foreign Relations and House Foreign Affairs committees.

  Read more: Clinton takes on Benghazi critics

  1. What Clinton did the day of the Benghazi attack 

  

  Clinton spent the better part of last September 11 trying to get a handle on security at several other U.S. embassies in the Middle East where anti-American protests were in full swing over an anti-Muslim film produced in the United States.

  She said the U.S. embassy was “under assault” by crowds trying to scale the wall. American embassies in Yemen and Tunisia were also facing a “serious threat. Clinton personally called the president of Tunisia, she said, to “beg him to send reinforcements, which he did, to finally save our embassy.” 

  By 4 p.m. that day, Clinton was notified about the Benghazi attack. In the coming hours, she was in meetings and spoke with staff, the American Embassy in Tripoli and other U.S. officials.

  Directing the U.S. response from the State Department, Clinton stayed in touch with officials across the administration and with the Libyan government.

  She instructed her staff to “consider every option, to just break down the doors of the Libyan officials to get as much security support as we possibly could.”

  Clinton said in the hours and days following the attack in Benghazi, there were “no delays in decision-making. No denials of support from Washington or from our military,” something an independent board established to review the matter cited in its report.

  #whatdifferencedoesitmake: Clinton quote goes viral on Twitter 

  2. U.S. diplomatic posts in some 20 countries under threat

  

  Clinton said threats to U.S. diplomatic posts are ongoing. 

  “Sitting here today, we probably have at least 20 other posts that are under a serious threat environment as I speak to you,” she told senators. “We operate in places where we know that our facilities are being surveilled for potential attacks where we have a steady Intel stream of plotting.”

  Clinton detailed what the State Department has done to begin implementing the 29 recommendations of the Accountability Review Board to improve security at diplomatic posts in high-threat areas, in addition to a few of her own.

  Opinion: Benghazi blame game is useless

  Specifically, Clinton has appointed a team, led by her deputy, to focus on tightening security, sent joint teams of military special forces and diplomatic security threat analysts to more than a dozen high-risk posts and appointed a senior official to focus exclusively on those areas.

  The State Department is also working to streamline requests for security so they make their way more quickly up the chain of leadership.

  Despite the threat, Clinton stressed the importance of U.S. leadership and diplomatic presence in the Middle East.

  “We’ve come a long way in the past four years, and we cannot afford to retreat now,” Clinton told senators. “When America is absent, especially from unstable environments, there are consequences. Extremism takes root, our interests suffer, our security at home is threatened.”

  Read more: Pentagon releases official timeline of Benghazi attack

  3. Clinton not shying away from a fight

  

  Clinton grew emotional and held back tears when talking about U.S. personnel killed in the Benghazi attack. 

  “For me, this is not just a matter of policy, it’s personal. I stood next to President Obama as the Marines carried those flag-draped caskets off the plane at Andrews,” Clinton said as she choked back tears. “I put my arms around the mothers and fathers, the sisters and brothers, the sons and daughters, and the wives left alone to raise their children.”

  But she lost patience with the focus of Republican senators on talking points used by U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice on the next Sunday’s talk shows that focused on a protest at the U.S. post in Benghazi, which turned out not to have taken place.

  Opinion: Rand Paul vs. Hillary Clinton, clash of titans

  When Sen. Ron Johnson pressed Clinton on why the State Department didn’t call U.S. personnel who were evacuated from Benghazi to determine whether there was a protest, Clinton took him to task.

  “With all due respect, the fact is we had four dead Americans,” Clinton reminded Johnson as she banged her hand on the table.

  “Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night decided they’d go kill some Americans? What difference, at this point, does it make? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening,” she said.

  Photos: Hillary Clinton through the years

  4. Militants in Mali and Algeria have arms from Libya

  

  Clinton warned the security situation in northern Mali, where international forces are battling militants, has been exacerbated by flow of weapons from neighboring Libya following the fall of Moammar Gadhafi.

  She said there was “no doubt” such weapons were also used in an attack by militants on an Algerian natural gas plant last week.

  She noted the aftermath of the Arab spring has changed power dynamics and stretched security forces across the region thin.

  Calling the campaign struggle against the Islamic fighters a necessary response to “a very serious, ongoing threat,” Clinton said the “United States cannot permit northern Mali to become a safe-haven for Islamist rebels that could eventually pose a more direct threat to U.S. interests.” 

  Noting the increased strength of al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, the regional affiliate of the al Qaeda network fighting along side local Malians, Clinton warned that the United States must prepare for the possibility that groups like AQIM could threaten direct attacks on U.S. interests as they gain power.

  “You can’t say because they haven’t done something they’re not going to do it,” Clinton said. “This is not only a terrorist syndicate, it is a criminal enterprise. So make no mistake about it, we’ve got to have a better strategy.”

  Read more: Clinton lays out daunting security challenges in North Africa

  5. Republicans still aren’t buying it

  

  While their tone was generally respectful, several Republican senators made clear they were unsatisfied with Clinton’s answers.

  Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, one of the administration’s toughest critics since the Benghazi attack, took Clinton to task for what he considered lackluster attention to the growing threat in Benghazi.

  McCain wanted to know why Clinton hadn’t read a cable from Ambassador Christopher Stevens warning that the mission in Benghazi could not survive a sustained assault.

  Sen. Rand Paul said it would have been an offense worthy of firing Clinton had he been president.

  McCain also blasted Clinton’s answers to questions about the administration’s claim that a protest had taken place in Benghazi.

  “The American people deserve to know answers, and they certainly don’t deserve false answers,” McCain told Clinton. 

  Clinton was more diplomatic with her old friend, saying she respected his strong feelings for the incident given his own relationship with Stevens, but that they disagreed about what happened and when it happened with respect to explaining events.

  In addition to lessons the State Department learned about improving security at diplomatic posts, Clinton, who called the Benghazi attack an act of terrorism since Day One, suggested the administration might learn another lesson.

  “Just withhold. Don’t say what you don’t know for sure until it’s finally decided.”

  Read more: Polls on Clinton’s side
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.LOS ANGELES - President Obama wrapped up his Western swing with an appearance on NBC’s “Tonight Show.” In a wide-ranging interview with the late night talk show host, Obama discussed recent terrorist threats, Hillary Clinton, the NSA controversy and whether the U.S. might boycott the 2014 Winter Olympic games in Russia."The odds of dying in a terrorist attack are a lot lower than they are of dying in a car accident, unfortunately," Obama said when asked by Leno if it is still safe for Americans to travel abroad in light of recent heightened terrorist threats.Obama denied that the U.S. has a domestic spying program but said the work done by the National Security Agency (NSA) is a “critical component” in keeping the country safe from outside threats."We don’t have a domestic spying program,” he said. “What we do have is some mechanisms that can track a phone number or an email address that is connected to a terrorist attack. That information is useful."However, Obama did acknowledge that recent accusations of the government spying on average Americans has “raised a lot of questions for people.”In a lighter exchange, Obama was asked about his lunch meeting with former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Obama did not get into the specifics of the meeting with his former campaign rival but joked about Clinton's "glow" since leaving government."We had a great time and she had that post-administration glow," Obama told Leno. "When folks leave the White House, like two weeks later, they look great!"Obama also had kind words for another former rival, John McCain.When Leno asked Obama about his blossoming "bromance" with the Arizona Republican, Obama joked, "That's how classic romantic comedies go." He went on to say, "He is a person of integrity. He is willing to say things, regardless of the politics ... It's probably not good for me to compliment him on television."Leno was also asked about former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, who has recently received a one year asylum in Russia after leaking classified information about U.S. intelligence programs."We don’t know exactly what he did, except what he said on the Internet and it's important for me not to judge," Obama said.However, Obama did say that in light of the incident he has asked the White House staff to look at ways of reducing the number of contract employees employed by federal agencies.As to Russia’s decision to grant Snowden temporary asylum, Obama said he did not think that, or the recent controversy surrounding Russia’s stance on gay rights would deter the U.S. from participating in next year’s Winter Olympic games in Sochi, Russia."I think Putin and Russia have a big stake in making sure the Olympics work," he said. "I think they understand that for most of the countries that participate in the Olympics, we wouldn't tolerate gays and lesbians being treated differently," he said.The Russian penetentiary service claimed that Navalny has received a COVID-19 test but has not reported whether he has contracted the disease.The legendary actor, who starred in the original "Ghostbusters," says the latest movie in the franchise has "the feel of the first one."As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."WASHINGTON (Reuters) -The United States expects indirect talks with Iran that begin on Tuesday about both sides resuming compliance with the 2015 Iran nuclear deal to be "difficult" and does not foresee any early breakthrough.  "We don't underestimate the scale of the challenges ahead," U.S. State Department spokesman Ned Price said on Monday.  U.S. and Iranian officials are scheduled to begin indirect talks in Vienna - with European officials expected to act as intermediaries - to try to revive the 2015 pact under which economic sanctions on Iran were eased in return for curbs on Iran's nuclear program to make it harder to develop a nuclear weapon.Torrential rain sparked widespread destruction in eastern Indonesia and neighbouring East Timor.Retail stores across most of Greece were allowed to reopen Monday despite an ongoing surge in COVID-19 infections, as the country battles to emerge from deep recession.  Stores in greater Athens opened for pickup services only but remain closed in Greece's second- and third-largest cities, Thessaloniki and Patras, because of fears of a more serious spike in infections.  “Opening retail businesses ... will provide a decompression valve for our society and will help improve the implementation of (restrictive) measures,” government spokeswoman Aristoltelia Peloni said.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Florida or bust.Johnson & Johnson said it was "assuming full responsibility regarding the manufacturing of drug substance" at Emergent BioSolutions.From monitoring drivers with cameras to hiring Pinkerton spies to surveil European warehouse workers, Amazon keeps a close eye on its workers.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.The next generation of men’s tennis remains a jumble of unrealized potential.  With Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer skipping the Miami Open, the tournament was expected to bring the game’s new faces into sharper focus.  Sunday’s match between No. 37-ranked Hubert Hurkacz and No. 31 Jannik Sinner was the first ATP Masters 1000 final since 2003 with two players ranked outside the top 30."We do our banking on phones. We have our health data on phones," Tim Cook said before asking "why not" expand voting tech to smartphones.The "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" star celebrated Easter by wearing Yeezy 450 slides, a product created by her estranged husband.He is one of several Bollywood stars who have recently tested positive for coronavirus.The finding is concerning, given survivability decreases the longer screening and treatment is delayed.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Residents ordered to evacuate over fears for the pond in the Tampa Bay area, which stores 500 million gallons of water containing radium and uranium.One person who attended a bar opening in Illinois tested positive for COVID-19 the day before the event, the CDC reports. Four had symptoms that day."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    President's year-end address at the White HouseArabs don’t trust Obama either.As 2013 ends, President Obama has lost credibility with many people who trusted him at the start of the year. Thanks to the Healthcare.gov debacle, polls find support for the president among women and independents has dropped to the lowest ebb of his presidency. Obama's words -- promising Americans they could keep their doctors under his health care plan -- didn’t match his deeds.Surprisingly, the same thing is happening on the other side of the world among Arabs in the Middle East and for the same reason.Too often, Obama’s speeches and actions don’t match."We are glad the Americans are here," said Ahmed al-Ibrahim, an adviser to some of Saudi Arabia's royals and officials, when I met with him recently, "but we fear that the president has lost credibility after Syria."[pullquote]The Saudi official is referring to Obama’s “red line” vow of military action if the Syrian dictator Bashir Assad used chemical weapons against his own people. Assad did and Obama didn’t. Saudi officials were stunned.Next came the revelation earlier this year that Obama was secretly negotiating with Iran, the mortal enemy of both Israel and Saudi Arabia. Officials in both nations have told me that they simply don't believe that the president can sweet-talk the mullahs out of the weapons they have coveted for years.“The bond of trust between America and Saudi Arabia has been broken in the Obama years," al-Ibrahim said. "We feel we have been stabbed in the back by Obama.""Every time that Obama had to choose between his enemies and his friends, he always chose his enemies," he said. "We don't know what he's putting in his tea."Al-Ibrahim also pointed to Obama's “dangerous inaction” during violent Iran-backed uprisings in Bahrain, and now his negotiations with Iran, and his separate, secret negotiations with Iran's terrorist proxy Hezbollah. Since American officials cannot legally negotiate with terrorist groups and Hezbollah is a State Department-listed terror organization, the administration has been using British diplomats to carry messages to Hezbollah. The Obama administration reportedly favors a "warm up to a direct relationship in the future" with Hezbollah.Obama is sending conflicting messages. In Washington, the president says negotiations are all we need to meet the Iranian threat. He issued a rare veto threat to try to halt tougher sanctions against Iran.At the same time, in the Middle East, the president has dispatched more than 40 U.S. Navy vessels (including a carrier-strike group) and sent his secretary of defense to detail America's vast military assets in the region.Speaking to Arab defense ministers, Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel itemized America's military commitment to immediately respond to Iranian aggression:• More than 35,000 soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines in the theater; • Even after exiting Iraq, the U.S. Army maintains more than 10,000 forward-deployed soldiers as well as tanks, artillery, and attack helicopters; • America's most advanced fighter jets, including F-22s, are deployed less than an hour's flight time from Iran; • American surveillance aircraft, ground listening stations, satellites, and sea patrols continue to scan for threats across the region; • America's missile defense systems--on ground, sea, and air--remain on high alert. That includes the U.S. Navy's ballistic missile defense ships, Patriot missile batteries, and phased-array radars.“The Department of Defense will work with the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) on better integration of its members’ missile defense capabilities. The United States continues to believe that a multilateral framework is the best way to develop interoperable and integrated regional missile defense. Such defenses are the best way to deter and, if necessary, defeat coercion and aggression," Hagel told the Gulf News on Dec.18.With little fanfare, Obama has also quietly lifted the ban on selling sensitive missile-defense technology to Saudi Arabia and other Arab allies living within reach of Iran's new Shahab-3 missiles. The Shahab-3's range is 1,242 miles--placing Israel and most of America's Arab allies within striking distance.However, Obama's quiet efforts to provide new missile defenses and renewed security guarantees may be too little, too late.The Saudis are now seeking their own military arrangements because they no longer trust the U.S. The GCC, a regional alliance of Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates, recently announced the creation of a joint military force based in the Saudi capital of Riyadh.“There will be a unified command of around 100,000 members, God willing,” Prince Miteb bin Abdullah told reporters. This new force represents a massive expansion of the 30,000-strong Peninsula Shield force."We no longer believe that America alone can safeguard our freedom from Iranian aggression," said al-Ibrahim, "that's why we are expanding our forces and integrating our missile defenses with our neighbors."He added, "the world should understand that the GCC will not stay quiet and leave our member-states vulnerable to bad actors and bad deals in the region. It is our duty to protect our region."And now, astonished Saudi officials are contrasting Obama's quick actions last weekend in South Sudan with his unwillingness to act in places like Syria or in Bahrain where thousands of U.S. troops and the U.S. Navy’s Fifth Fleet are based."The president has shown that he can take action when he chooses to. He chose not to act after the chemical weapons attacks in Syria, but as soon as things started to go wrong in South Sudan, Obama jumped on it," said al-Ibrahim.On Saturday, Obama dispatched three CV-22 Osprey aircraft, the sort that can fly like an airplane and an helicopter, to South Sudan to evacuate Americans caught in ongoing violence in the city of Bor. The aircraft came under small arms fire and were forced to retreat as they attempted to land. Four U.S. service members were injured in the attempted evacuation. American citizens were rescued successfully on Sunday using civilian and U.N. helicopters.In his June 4, 2009 Cairo speech, the first American president raised in a Muslim land came to offer a bold promise: "I have come here to seek a new beginning between the United States and Muslims around the world; one based upon mutual interest and mutual respect." Four and a half years later, Arab leaders like al-Ibrahim say that "mutual interest" is sundered and "mutual respect" squandered. If the Saudi exasperation sounds familiar, it is because it is the same tone you hear in Tel Aviv and in Washington.Get the recap of top opinion commentary and original content throughout the week.SubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Nick BryantNew York correspondentOn Wednesday evening the White House was supposed to host one of the most lavish events on Washington's social calendar - a state dinner for a visiting VIP.It ended up being cancelled - not because of any lingering effects from the partial shutdown of the federal government. Nor was President Barack Obama called away on urgent business.Rather, the guest of honour announced last month that she would not be attending. Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff was aggrieved that her private communications had apparently been snooped upon by American intelligence.In cancelling her state visit, she was making a pointed personal and national protest.On Wednesday afternoon, rather than preparing to welcome one of America's allies to the White House, Mr Obama found himself listening to grievances from another. German Chancellor Angela Merkel called to complain that her private mobile had been tapped.The president's spokesman assured the news media that the National Security Agency (NSA) "is not monitoring and will not monitor" her phone. But he was unable to tell her that it had not listened to her calls previously.His inability to speak in the past tense was tantamount to an admission that the NSA was guilty as charged.The "Snowden effect" has created an ever angrier diplomatic backlash. The secrets that the former NSA contractor Edward Snowden took with him when he left America are causing ructions around the world.On Monday, it was French President Francois Hollande who complained to Mr Obama about the vast surveillance operation the NSA had allegedly conducted against political and business figures in France.Mexico is annoyed that their president, Enrique Pena Nieto, and his predecessor Felipe Calderon, had been snooped upon. America has also been accused of bugging the United Nations and European Union.The latest allegations, published in Britain's Guardian newspaper, are that the phone conversations of 35 world leaders have been monitored.Doubtless, some of the outrage from aggrieved allies is intended for domestic consumption. And it is hardly as if America is the only country to spy on its allies.  But as the list of wronged friends grows by the day, the Snowden effect is not just complicating US diplomacy but also seriously compromising it.  When Secretary of State John Kerry touched down in Paris this week he was confronted by the spying allegations published in that morning's Le Monde.On the day Angela Merkel challenged her American counterpart, two senior Obama administration officials were in Berlin for talks on a new transatlantic trade deal called the biggest such agreement in history.For the Obama administration it is not merely a case of smoothing some ruffled feathers. Daily, it needs to put out diplomatic fires. And, increasingly, the damage looks as though it could be lasting. Consider the impact on the personal relationship between Barack Obama and Angela Merkel, which up until now has been close."Spying among friends is not on," complained the German Chancellor at the EU Summit in Brussels. "Trust will now have to be rebuilt." Nor is it merely the NSA revelations that are hampering US diplomacy. This week John Kerry has been trying to allay Israel's concerns about America's openness to the recent overtures from the new Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. Saudi Arabia, its other main strategic ally in the Middle East, has also been dismayed that Washington has warmed towards Tehran.Fuelling its anger is what Prince Turki al-Faisal, a member of the royal family and former director of Saudi intelligence, this week described as the Obama administration's "lamentable" policy towards Syria. Riyadh's decision this month not to take up its seat on the UN Security Council was intended to send a message to the US, not the UN. Jordan and the United Arab Emirates have similar misgivings over the president's failure to intervene more strongly in Syria's civil war.  Further afield, America is confronted by problems of its own making. Less than two years after announcing Washington's much-vaunted "Asian pivot," the federal shutdown prevented Mr Obama from attending the key annual gathering of Asia-Pacific leaders. Instead, China was left to take centre stage.To argue that the NSA scandal threatens to damage Barack Obama in the same way that the Iraq War undercut George W Bush is surely too strong.The Bush administration's hyper-unilateralism and wilful disregard for the views of longstanding allies caused deep resentment in Europe.But this is turning out to be a major embarrassment for a president who entered office in 2009 determined to repair frayed relations with some of its longstanding allies, like France, and to restore America's international standing. Police chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy2Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot3Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version6Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling7Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'8England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking."Fareed Zakaria GPS," Sundays at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. ET on CNNBy Fareed ZakariaLast March, President Barack Obama spoke about how Syria’s use of chemical weapons would be a “game-changer.” It has, except not quite in the sense that he meant. It has been an event that has confused and confounded the Obama administration. Whatever your views on the larger issues, it’s hard not to conclude that the administration’s handling of Syria over the last year has been a case study in how not to do foreign policy.The president started out with an understanding that the Syrian conflict is a messy sectarian struggle that cannot be influenced easily by American military intervention. He was disciplined in resisting calls to jump into a cauldron. But from the start he confused and undermined this policy with loose rhetoric, perhaps egged on by some of his advisors and critics to "do something."So he announced just over two years ago that President Bashar al-Assad of Syria had to go. Now a pundit can engage in grandiose speech. The president of the United States should make declarations like this only if he has some strategy to actually achieve them. He did not.More from CNN: Signs of sarin use, Kerry saysIn truth, Obama – and many others – miscalculated. They believed that al-Assad’s regime was near the end, misreading both its strength and brutality, but also the level of support it has from several segments of Syria.Then, just about a year ago, came the off-the-cuff remarks about a red line on chemical weapons, insufficiently thought through but now publicly stated and definitive. Since then, American foreign policy in Syria has largely been concerned about ensuring that Obama’s threat does not seem empty. It has been a complicated dance.But what American national interest is being followed? The administration says it is upholding international law. Except, as Fred Kaplan pointed out in Slate this week, the institutions that embody international law and consensus – the United Nations and other international organizations – do not support this action. The United States plus France and Turkey cannot be considered the embodiment of international law and global public opinion.More from GPS: Does public care about U.N. blessing?The nature of the strike, we are told, will be short and symbolic – a shot across the bow. In the midst of a civil war in which both sides are in a high-stakes struggle for survival, does anyone think that this will make any difference?And then, the strangest twist – an unplanned, last minute appeal to Congress, paving the way for further delay, weakening momentum, erasing what little surprise existed, and setting the stage for a potential defeat at home.I don’t think that this strike, should it eventually take place, will be as damaging as its critics fear. The al-Assad regime will likely hunker down, take it, and move on. It will make little difference one way or the other. But the manner in which the Obama administration has first created and then mismanaged this crisis will, alas, cast a long shadow on America’s role in the world.The American Government must have a secret agenda.  After the fiascoes in Vietnam, Iraq, Afghanistan they still want to interfere and bomb people?  They used the chemical Agent Orange indiscriminately in Vietnam!   They've ignored other despotic regimes in Black Africa, Myanmar and Korea. Any common citizen would wonder at the I.Q.levels of the Representatives of the U.S. Government.Look at all the news. It seems to fit together like some sort of puzzle. We are very against Iran building a supposed nuclear weapon. We helped liberate Libya and there is so much talk about Egypt's president being replaced. Meanwhile we want the Palestinians to be recognized. The Syrians are all fleeing to other countries. Maybe they will try to create some another new country like was done in Kosovo? Whatever the agenda is it seems clear that we are trying to balance the flow of oil from this part of the world in favor of the U.S. I find it really strange that Saudi Arabia, Israel and Jordan aren't already involved if things are really so bad. The news stations are trying to sway our opinions. Why don't they show us all the angles? I for one, feel like I don't get to see the big picture. Why is it with all of this technology the truth doesn't present itself readily?whatever happens in Syria I got dibs on Assad’s wife!why women are always easy targets?So to express Fareed's argument in one sentence - Obama and his team mishandled Syria because they miscalculated strength Assad regime vs. strength of rebels one year ago, and by doing so they missed the window of opportunity to enter the war in Syria a year earlier.We do not need more politics to determine our position with regard to Syria.  The USA should have a human rights policy that defines what we can do, and how we may respond to ongoing mass civilian deaths anywhere in the world.  Every US president has had to face these issues, yet we bungle them every time.  We know that we cannot rely on the United Nations to accomplish anything.  We know Russia is going to oppose the West and help the "bad guys."  We know that not all nations will commit to resolving the situation.  But do we really have an excuse for our congress that cannot come to reasonable discussions on any issue?  Can we really explain why the White House cannot rely on congress to do it's job?  It appears that the Obama administration acted upon it's best intentions of seeing Syria through to reasonable end.  How did the White House get boxed into a corner?  Congress.  Who is accountable in congress for outcomes?  Who takes the responsibility for results from either house of congress?  If congress cannot do it's work, who is accountable?  Until we have a functioning representative body in each house of congress, the US will continue to flounder and fail.  Nobody is accountable?In response to another commenter, I agree with Fareed Zakaria.  Any US strike will likely be symbolic and the Assad administration will remain in power after the strike.  I do not favor a strike.  A strike might be worth considering if it would prevent civilian deaths, cause a beneficial regime change, or bring this ongoing civil war to a quick end.  Under all considered options, any strike by the USA is unlikely to accomplish these objectives.  Therefore, an ineffective US strike will be viewed by most all the world as a weak, ineffective act of war by the USA against Syria.  That should not be our intent or end result. In considering all information available today, I do not see a compelling reason for the United States to launch any type of military strike in Syria.  We need a purpose, objectives, a strategy, and safeguards that our relentless war-mongers cannot overstep to escalate the conflict.  Everything to date suggests that we should stand down.Its over Obama will back down. The American people have had enough of Muslim Civil Wars.
We have been lied to about every war since Korea and we are just not falling for it again.
Washington will have to come up with a new strategy to get us into the next war and I have no doubt it will be a good one.The photo looks like a bunch of indecisive, scared, hand wringers trying to look concerned and responsible, but really they're just covering their posteriors and doing nothing and have no viable well thought out strategy or policy.  We need some smart leadership, folks.  Not more community organizing, posturing, speeches and impotent spin.What American politicians cannot seem to learn is that there are not American solutions for problems throughout the world.  They continue to see the rest of the world through their own culture and experiences, when the rest of the world sees things differently.  This is a basic lesson adults should learn when they are young, yet our elected officials cannot seem to fathom that the rest of the world is different.  The overall Syrian problem is largely an Islamic problem, caused by generations of animosity  and hatred that an American politician cannot hope to understand. If the Islamic world is not willing to shed its blood and spend its treasure to deter horrible behavior, why should America?So what's the REAL story here?
Could this be it?
http://www.thenation.com/blog/176040/obamas-syria-war-really-about-iran-and-israel#axzz2eFYXl9MD
http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-09-04/adelson-new-obama-ally-as-jewish-groups-back-syria-strike.html
http://www.timesofisrael.com/jewish-organizations-in-us-support-syria-strike/
Many American Jews are alarmed at what israel does, and how these groups arrogantly create the impression that they speak for "the Jews."
The question is - do they want this war, if it happens - to be labeled a "Jewish" war?Please tell me why the world political leaders and  "America's powers to be" seem so rushed to war. What happened in Syria is a war crime and should be handled as such by the powers that have the authority to do so. Why wouldn't American powers encourage this 1st and foremost? It seems to me if we could hold these evil powers accountable to the World it would be far more effective than trying to hold them accountable to the US and their handful of Allies.There's no sense in wasting our time trying to inject reason into the religiously delusional, Islamic Middle-East countries. They will never set aside their religious beliefs for the rule of law. Dictatorships are "friendlier" to the U.S. interests than the Islamic Brotherhood/Al-Qaida parties that gain control post Arab-Spring revolts. Egypt is a perfect example of that. Now they want a "Do-Over" because democracy ended up giving an outcome half the people didn't want.
  The missile diplomacy the U.S. employs only adds thousands of Jihadists to the ever-growing group wanting revenge.
 The situation in Syria is not a clear and present danger to this country. If you're worried about "credibility"...DON'T...The world will never forget we're a bloodthirsty country if we sit this one out.
  I'm not a fan of Sarah Palin, but I had to laugh when she said" They've been fighting for centuries...Let Allah sort them out".The president has talked too much about his red lines about Assad's use of chemical weapons against his own people and that he should be replaced by whom???The rebels are not united  against Assad-and there are very bad rebels that we do not want to take over if and when a new Syrian government is formed-but the real issue is that you can not appease a dictator who uses chemical weapons against his own people because if the United States doesnot act against Assad he will only continue to use chemical weapons against his people.You can rent a brain but no a heart . Are you related to Dr Oz ?日本人気スーパーコピーブランド通販専門店！
私達は長年の実体商店の販売経験を持って、あなたのために品質最上のブランドスーパーコピー時計、ブランドスーパー
コピーバッグ、ブランドスーパーコピー財布。
製品はされています高品質と低価格で提供，100%品質保証.2018年人気ブ
ランド時計、バッグ、財布の新作が激安販売中！
◇海外直営店直接買い付け！
てご利用いただけます。
ルイ ヴィトン、シャネル、エルメスなど有名
ブランドから可愛い雑貨まで。
◇各種各様の最高品質スーパーコピー腕時計、ブランドコピー腕時計 激安
ご安心購入くださいませ。detectives privados almuñecarhttps://www.argadetectives.com/detectives-san-javier-murcia.htmlMONSTERMODE 700K is a cutting-edge funnel-based app that can generate 100 commissions – – 90 Second Set Up – Beta Tested Proven 24-7 AUTOPILOT Income – 100 FREE Multi-Tier Traffic Built In More details: https://bit.ly/2YfQFcChttps://bit.ly/2YfQFcCBut wanna say  that this is  invaluable , Thanks for taking your time to write this.https://www.electricpercolatorcoffeepot.com/10-top-coffee-bloggers/You must be logged in to post a comment.The Global Public Square is where you can make sense of the world every day with insights and explanations from CNN's Fareed Zakaria, leading journalists at CNN, and other international thinkers. Join GPS editor Jason Miks and get informed about global issues, exposed to unique stories, and engaged with diverse and original perspectives.Every week we bring you in-depth interviews with world leaders, newsmakers and analysts who break down the world's toughest problems. CNN U.S.: Sundays 10 a.m. & 1 p.m ET | CNN International: Find local times Buy the GPS mug | Books| Transcripts | Audio Connect on Facebook | Twitter | GPS@cnn.com Buy past episodes on iTunes! | Download the audio podcastCheck out all of Fareed's Washington Post columns here: Obama as a foreign policy president? Why Snowden should stand trial in U.S. Hillary Clinton's truly hard choice China's trapped transition Obama should rethink Syria strategy       We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Most commentators were not impressed by President Barack Obama's Tuesday night address to the nation on Syria. It was one of the "strangest speeches a president has given in my lifetime", wrote Ross Douthat of the New York Times. "A prime time presidential address should either announce a policy course or make a specific appeal to Congress; it should not be wasted on a situation where the course is so unclear and the appeal so vague and undirected." Joan Walsh of Salon.com echoed Douthat's criticism, calling it "a strangely lackluster address that essentially served as a placeholder for a theoretical future battle". Many writers said Mr Obama's speech was disjointed, because he spent most of it apparently building a case for military strikes against Syria, only to acknowledge that recent diplomatic developments may make the use of force unnecessary. As the New Republic's John Judis put it: "The speech did not have the structure of an argument, but of a television drama in which the viewer's anxiety is finally relieved by the promise of peaceful resolution." "The overwhelming emphasis was on humanitarian goals, with a brief, secondary, and noticeably weak effort to buttress that case with talk about threats to our interests," wrote Stanley Kurtz in National Review Online. The speech was "a time filler", wrote Peggy Noonan in The Wall Street Journal. "The White House had asked for the time and had to fill it." Others criticised Mr Obama's references in his address to the suffering of the Syrian children. Erick Erickson of RedState wrote: "When we are doing things 'for the children' as opposed to any other reason, we have no substantive reason for taking an action." Mr Obama's pleas to remember the children echoed the president's words following last December's mass murder at a school in Newtown, Connecticut, noted Politico columnist Roger Simon. Little has changed since that call to action, Simon wrote, but "in Syria, because the weaponry was gas instead of bullets, we are supposed to be ultra-shocked". Even among those who thought Mr Obama did a good job with the speech, many had caveats. Matt Miller of the Washington Post wrote that "Obama traded in the wobbly mien he displayed in recent appearances for the confident bearing Americans need from their commander in chief". He cautioned, however, that "between the long-running box he's now put himself in on Syria, and the prospect of the White House botching another debt ceiling showdown just ahead, the president's authority in his second term is in danger of collapse". Toward the end of his speech, Mr Obama cited the "exceptional" nature of America as a reason the country should not ignore the use of chemical weapons halfway around the world. Conservatives who picked up on Mr Obama's turn of phrase were none too pleased. Scott Johnson of the blog PowerLine wrote: "This is American exceptionalism filtered through the mind of a man who doesn't believe it." Despite the negative reaction among commentators, a CNN poll found 61% of those who watched the speech now support the president's Syria policy. "The poll suggests that he did what presidents rarely do: change people's minds, if only temporarily," David Kusnet, former head speechwriter for President Bill Clinton, wrote for CNN. "With down-to-earth arguments and a lofty conclusion, last night's speech was a model of how to turn an audience around, point by point." Police chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy2Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot3Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version6Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling7Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'8England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.National SecurityCBSJohn KerryState Department.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byBy Scott Shane, Jeremy W. Peters and Eric SchmittWASHINGTON — A veteran diplomat gave a riveting minute-by-minute account on Wednesday of the lethal terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya, last Sept. 11 and described its contentious aftermath at a charged Congressional hearing that reflected the weighty political stakes perceived by both parties.During a chaotic night at the American Embassy in Tripoli, hundreds of miles away, the diplomat, Gregory Hicks, got what he called “the saddest phone call I’ve ever had in my life” informing him that Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens was dead and that he was now the highest-ranking American in Libya. For his leadership that night when four Americans were killed, Mr. Hicks said in nearly six hours of testimony, he subsequently received calls from both Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and President Obama.But within days, Mr. Hicks said, after raising questions about the account of what had happened in Benghazi offered in television interviews by Susan E. Rice, the United Nations ambassador, he felt a distinct chill from State Department superiors. “The sense I got was that I needed to stop the line of questioning,” said Mr. Hicks, who has been a Foreign Service officer for 22 years.He was soon given a scathing review of his management style, he said, and was later “effectively demoted” to desk officer at headquarters, in what he believes was retaliation for speaking up.House Republican leaders made the hearing the day’s top priority, postponing floor votes so that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform could continue without interruption. The Obama administration appeared focused on the testimony, with senior officials at the White House, the State Department and the Pentagon responding through the day to Republican accusations of incompetence and cover-up in campaign war room style.In the balance, in the view of both Democrats and Republicans, is not just the reputation of Mr. Obama but also potentially the prospects for the 2016 presidential election as well, since Mrs. Clinton, who stepped down in February, is the Democratic Party’s leading prospect. If the testimony did not fundamentally challenge the facts and timeline of the Benghazi attack and the administration’s response to it, it vividly illustrated the anxiety of top State Department officials about how the events would be publicly portrayed.Mr. Hicks offered an unbecoming view of political supervision and intimidation inside the Obama administration. When Representative Jason Chaffetz, Republican of Utah, visited Libya after the attack, Mr. Hicks said his bosses told him not to talk to the congressman. When he did anyway, and a State Department lawyer was excluded from one meeting because he lacked the necessary security clearance, Mr. Hicks said he received an angry phone call from Mrs. Clinton’s chief of staff, Cheryl Mills.“So this goes right to the person next to Secretary of State Clinton. Is that accurate?” asked Representative Jim Jordan, Republican of Ohio. Mr. Hicks responded, “Yes, sir.”A State Department official said Mr. Hicks had been free to talk to Mr. Chaffetz, but that department policy required a department lawyer to be present during interviews for any Congressional investigation.In a statement late Wednesday, a State Department spokesman, Patrick H. Ventrell, said the department had not and would not retaliate against Mr. Hicks. Mr. Ventrell noted that Mr. Hicks “testified that he decided to shorten his assignment in Libya following the attacks, due to understandable family reasons.” He said that Mr. Hicks’s current job was “a suitable temporary assignment” at the same salary, and that he had submitted his preferences for his next job.The accounts from Mr. Hicks and two other officials, Mark I. Thompson, the deputy coordinator for operations in the State Department’s Counterterrorism Bureau, and Eric Nordstrom, an official in the State Department’s Bureau of Diplomatic Security who had testified previously, added some detail to accounts of the night of Sept. 11 in Benghazi. Armed Islamic militants penetrated the diplomatic compound, starting the fire that killed Mr. Stevens and an aide, and later killed two security officers in a mortar attack; in Tripoli, where frantic diplomats fearing a similar invasion used an ax to destroy classified hard drives; and in Washington, where officials struggled to keep up with events.The hearing offered a compelling, often emotional view from the ground, where officials were desperate for a rescue mission. Mr. Hicks described his exchange with the furious leader of a four-member Special Operations team that wanted to fly from Tripoli to Benghazi to help but was told not to. Mr. Thompson wanted to see his Foreign Emergency Support Team sent to the scene and could not understand why his superiors did not agree.But from the more detached standpoint of senior officials in Washington — offered in statements from the Defense Department and the State Department — neither unit could have reached Benghazi in time. The team in Tripoli worked much of the night on moving American Embassy personnel to a secure annex and was not ready to leave for Benghazi until the early morning. The emergency support team would have deployed from the United States and would have arrived many hours after the last Americans were evacuated from Benghazi.“None of us should ever experience what we went through in Tripoli and Benghazi,” Mr. Hicks said.The hearing became a political spectacle well before the committee’s chairman, Representative Darrell Issa, Republican of California, gaveled it to order. Republicans had promised damning revelations that could ultimately undo the Obama presidency. “Every bit as damaging as Watergate,” Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina said this week.Congressional Republicans have threatened to hold additional hearings and subpoena witnesses, including Mrs. Clinton and Ms. Rice, and Democrats see a partisan fishing expedition.“This is a subject that has, from its beginning, been subject to attempts to politicize it by Republicans,” the White House spokesman, Jay Carney, said Wednesday.The three witnesses challenged both the Obama administration’s initial version of events — long ago withdrawn — and its claim to have exhaustively investigated the attacks.When Ms. Rice suggested on Sunday talk shows days after the attack that it had begun with protests against a crude anti-Muslim video that had been posted on YouTube, Mr. Hicks said: “I was stunned. My jaw dropped and I was embarrassed.”Her remarks angered the president of Libya’s National Assembly, Mohamed Magariaf, who had said on one of the Sunday shows that the attack was the “preplanned” act of militants, including some from Al Qaeda, Mr. Hicks said. He asserted that Mr. Magariaf’s fury at being undercut caused Libyan officials to drag their feet on cooperating with F.B.I. investigators. A State Department official said the delays were caused by security concerns in Benghazi.The witnesses also said they felt that the administration’s official investigation, led by a retired diplomat, Thomas R. Pickering, and a former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Adm.Mike Mullen, was inadequate.“They stopped short of interviewing people who I personally know were involved in key decisions,” Mr. Nordstrom said.Mr. Hicks also said the State Department’s Accountability Review Board, as the inquiry was called, failed to hold high-level political appointees at the department responsible for inadequate security in Benghazi.Mr. Nordstrom said that when he pressed for additional security personnel, he was told, “Basically, stop complaining.”Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, the committee’s senior Democrat, accused the Republicans and Mr. Issa in particular of distorting the facts of the inquiry for partisan purposes.But Mr. Cummings joined Republicans in promising that they would make sure the three witnesses did not suffer for their candid testimony. “I try to do everything in my power to protect witnesses,” he said. “I don’t care if they are brought by Republicans or Democrats.”AdvertisementFrom the beginning, Attkisson has been one of the few mainstream journalists willing to dig into the September 11 terror attack in Libya, and the Administration’s response to it. Fearing the story might lead exactly where it did yesterday with Jonathan Karl’s bombshell report, the mainstream media has poured most if its energy into wishing the story away or playing Palace Guard for the White House. Attkisson’s dogged pursuit of the truth has not only pitted her against a media desperate to protect Obama, but also, apparently, against her bosses at CBS News, one of whom is the brother of a top Obama official.Moreover, CBS News president David Rhoades is not only the brother of President Obama’s national security advisor, Ben Rhodes, but ABC News reports that Ben Rhodes was very much involved in the editing of the now-infamous CIA talking points. So…1. According to ABC News, Obama’s national security advisor Ben Rhodes was deeply involved in the editing of the CIA talking points.  2. These same CIA talking points are central to what many believe is a White House coverup.3. Ben Rhodes is the brother of CBS News president David Rhodes.4. At CBS News, Sharyl Attkisson is one of the only mainstream media journalists with the dogged determination and moral courage to demand the truth about the White House’s involvement in the CIA talking points.  5. For months now  reports have surfaced that Attkisson’s bosses are unhappy with her, that she has trouble getting her Libya stories on the air, and that she’s being accused of engaging in “advocacy.” Read the full Daily Caller piece here.  Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                MediaABCBenghaziCBS.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byBy Sharon LaFraniereSoon after President Obama appointed him director of national intelligence in 2009, Dennis C. Blair called for a tally of the number of government officials or employees who had been prosecuted for leaking national security secrets. He was dismayed by what he found.In the previous four years, the record showed, 153 cases had been referred to the Justice Department. Not one had led to an indictment.That scorecard “was pretty shocking to all of us,” Mr. Blair said. So in a series of phone calls and meetings, he and Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. fashioned a more aggressive strategy to punish anyone who leaked national security information that endangered intelligence-gathering methods and sources.“My background is in the Navy, and it is good to hang an admiral once in a while as an example to the others,” said Mr. Blair, who left the administration in 2010. “We were hoping to get somebody and make people realize that there are consequences to this and it needed to stop.”The Obama administration has done its best to define those consequences, with an aggressive focus on leaks and leakers that has led to more than twice as many prosecutions as there were in all previous administrations combined. It also led to a significant legal victory on Friday when a federal appeals court accepted the Justice Department’s argument that the First Amendment does not protect reporters from having to reveal the sources suspected of leaking information to them.In tracing the origins of this effort, present and former government officials said the focus on leaks began at the administration’s highest levels and was driven by pressure from the intelligence agencies and members of Congress.An unprecedented cascade of disclosures, including hundreds of thousands of secret diplomatic cables made public by WikiLeaks, according to these officials, gave the search for leakers a growing sense of urgency, while technological advances made the job of finding them easier. And prosecutors — until recently — were given more latitude to comb through journalists’ records to hunt for suspects.The charges filed last month against Edward J. Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor now holed up in a Moscow airport, are the seventh leak-related prosecution brought by the Justice Department. And the department’s next case may be aimed at just the kind of top-level target that Mr. Blair said he had hoped for: James E. Cartwright, a retired general who was vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff until August 2011. General Cartwright has been identified as a focus of an investigation into the disclosure of classified information about American-led cyberattacks on Iran’s nuclear program.Supporters of the crackdown — even those with qualms about seeking evidence from journalists — say a culture of leaking must be reined in to protect covert sources and high-risk intelligence operations and reassure allies that it is safe to share intelligence. “Somebody finally said this has got to stop,” said John D. Negroponte, a former diplomat and director of national intelligence under George W. Bush. “Maybe if there are more prosecutions, it will.” But critics argue that the Cartwright case, and now the appeals court ruling, show how the antileak campaign has gone too far, producing a chilling effect on news gathering without deterring leakers. Mr. Snowden has said he was inspired by the deeds of Pfc. Bradley Manning, who is facing a court-martial after divulging the diplomatic cables to WikiLeaks.“I think it has gotten away from them,” said Morton H. Halperin, who served in national security or diplomatic positions in three previous administrations. “If the president doesn’t fix this, I think his claim that he understands the importance of balancing the First Amendment against claims of national security will lack any credibility.” Implicitly at least, Mr. Holder seemed to acknowledge some of the criticism this month when he restored and bolstered longstanding Justice Department restraints on seeking evidence from journalists. He said those restrictions “will help ensure the proper balance is struck when pursuing investigations into unauthorized disclosures.” Mr. Holder’s move came in response to a torrent of criticism after the revelations this spring that prosecutors had secretly subpoenaed the phone logs for more than 20 phone lines of The Associated Press in one leak inquiry and two days of phone logs of a Fox News reporter, James Rosen, in another investigation aimed at a State Department adviser, Stephen Jin-Woo Kim. Prosecutors also obtained a court-ordered search warrant for Mr. Rosen’s e-mails by identifying him as a criminal co-conspirator of Mr. Kim’s. But Mr. Holder’s conciliatory message was seemingly undermined by the Justice Department’s success in overturning a lower court’s ruling that a reporter for The New York Times, James Risen, had a First Amendment right to refuse to reveal his sources in the trial of a former C.I.A. analyst, Jeffrey Sterling. Mr. Sterling was charged in 2010 with disclosing classified information to Mr. Risen about a covert operation to deceive Iranian scientists described in Mr. Risen’s 2006 book, “State of War.”Mr. Risen has previously vowed to go to jail to protect his sources.  On Saturday he said in a statement, “I remain as resolved as ever to continue fighting.”The targeting of General Cartwright in the investigation of disclosures about cyberattacks on Iran also represents an escalation of effort. If charged, he would be by far the most senior official ever to face criminal prosecution for divulging information to the news media. Other high-ranking officials have faced minor criminal charges for mishandling information, but only low-to-mid-level analysts, contract workers and technicians have been indicted on charges of releasing secrets to journalists.The closest parallel would be the case against I. Lewis Libby Jr., the former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney who was convicted in 2007 of lying to a federal grand jury and to F.B.I. agents investigating the unmasking of a covert C.I.A. operative to a newspaper columnist. “The Cartwright case stands alone,” said Steven Aftergood, who studies government secrecy for the nonprofit Federation of American Scientists. “It is a sign that the administration is not backing off its antileak crusade. It is still going full tilt.”General Cartwright has not commented on the reports that he is being investigated, but his lawyer, Gregory B. Craig, has said any suggestion that his client betrayed his country is “preposterous.” President Bush also faced damaging leaks during his tenure. But his Justice Department prosecuted only one official under the Espionage Act for disclosing national security secrets, a Pentagon analyst first investigated in 2004 and convicted in 2006. As a conservative, President Bush would have faced a greater public backlash had he sought to imprison leakers, said Gabriel Schoenfeld, a senior scholar with the Hudson Institute, a conservative-leaning research organization. Mr. Bush “was not willing to spend the political capital,” Mr. Schoenfeld said. “This president is very hawkish on this.”So far, the Obama administration has won two felony convictions for unauthorized disclosure of national security secrets. Private Manning has also pleaded guilty to 10 offenses and is now being tried in military court on others. A fourth felony prosecution crumbled, producing a minor misdemeanor conviction, and Mr. Holder has privately said he regrets pursuing it.In June, Mr. Holder said  his department’s record number of leak prosecutions was a logical legal response to an increase in both the number and seriousness of leaks. But in interviews, former prosecutors and other administration and Congressional officials offered a different perspective. Though the Justice Department issued no explicit directive to pursue leakers more vigorously, according to these officials, the climate in which leaks were judged changed markedly as a new team of national security officials joined the Obama administration and quickly ran head-on into what it saw as distressing lapses in controlling state secrets. “There was a lot of pressure to use every possible investigative tool,” said one senior former prosecutor who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to speak for the Justice Department.According to Mr. Blair, the effort got under way after Fox News reported in June 2009 that American intelligence had gleaned word from within North Korea of plans for an imminent nuclear test — a disclosure that eventually led to the indictment of Mr. Kim. The report infuriated the Central Intelligence Agency not only because it indicated that the United States was privy to the private discussions of North Korean leaders, but also because it was broadcast mere hours after a classified report with that information had been distributed to intelligence officials.In subsequent meetings and phone calls, Mr. Blair said, he and Mr. Holder, who declined a request for an interview, agreed that leaks were flourishing partly because the government was too passive in addressing them. Of 153 referrals to the Justice Department of national security leaks during President Bush’s second term, only 24 had led to F.B.I. investigations. In half of those cases, investigators had identified suspects, but none of them had faced charges, although two investigations were in an advanced stage and ultimately produced indictments in 2010. Mr. Holder’s “attitude, the same as mine, was to speed up the process and make it more effective,” Mr. Blair said. “So, yes, that would mean more aggressive prosecution.” The Justice Department imposed a tight deadline to decide whether to open criminal inquiries into leaks, shortening to just three weeks a review process that had often dragged on for months. Leaks considered unworthy of prosecution were marked for administrative inquiries. Underscoring the administration’s determination, Robert M. Bryant, Mr. Blair’s national counterintelligence executive, was put in charge of stanching leaks. The White House has kept a careful distance from the Justice Department prosecutions, but President Obama seemed unwavering in his support for them. When government transparency advocates told him in March 2011 that chasing whistle-blowers was sullying his record, the president disagreed, saying some disclosures had been very damaging to national security.And members of Congress continuously clamored for a tougher approach. At a closed hearing in December 2009, members of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence, led by Dianne Feinstein, Democrat of California, scolded Mr. Holder, Mr. Blair and the F.B.I. director, Robert S. Mueller, saying they had not adequately protected national security secrets.“A tipping point was reached in 2009,” said one knowledgeable Senate aide, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because he is not an official spokesman. “There was an official change of policy.”Mr. Blair said, “We had to do 50 push-ups and promise to do better.”Past overreaching notwithstanding, the Cartwright investigation suggests that zeal has not waned. The inquiry was prompted by a detailed account of a series of United States- and Israeli-led cyberattacks on Iran’s nuclear program, in a June 2012 article in The New York Times and in a book published days later, both by David E. Sanger, a Times reporter. Part of the operation, called Olympic Games, was revealed two years earlier because of a programming error, but much of it remained highly classified, setting off an aggressive search for the source or sources of Mr. Sanger’s information.Lucy A. Dalglish, a media lawyer and the dean of journalism at the University of Maryland, says that case and others carry a strong message.“They are not going to give up on national security investigations, and they are still going to go after reporters’ information if they think they need to,” she said.Advertisement
                          This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
                          or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
                          Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
                       It seems you clicked on a bad link and stumbled upon our 404 pageThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        May 11, 2010: Immigration Services Director (USCIS) Alejandro Mayorkas listens to a question on Capitol Hill in Washington. (AP)Authorities are investigating the man President Obama tapped to take over the second highest spot at the Department of Homeland Security for allegedly using his position and power to unfairly obtain U.S. visas for foreign investors in a company run by Hillary Clinton’s brother, FoxNews.com has confirmed.Alejandro Mayorkas, director of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, was named by Homeland Security's Inspector General's Office as a target in an investigation involving the foreign investor program run by USCIS, according to an email sent to lawmakers late Monday.The investigation was opened in September 2012 following a referral from an FBI counterintelligence analyst. The probe was first reported by The Associated Press.The investigation into Mayorkas is based on allegations he helped secure U.S. visas for Chinese businessmen after they had been denied by his own agency’s officials. The visas had been sought by Gulf Coast Funds Management, a financing company headed by then-Secretary of State Clinton’s brother Anthony Rodham, according to an aide to GOP Sen. Charles Grassley, who had received internal USCIS emails about the matter from a department whistle-blower.According to an email sent to lawmakers Monday, the IG's office said, "At this point in our investigation, we do not have any findings of criminal misconduct." The email did not specify any criminal allegations it might be investigating.White House press secretary Jay Carney referred questions to the inspector general's office, which said that the probe is in its preliminary stage and that it doesn't comment on the specifics of investigations.The program, known as EB-5, allows foreigners to get visas if they invest $500,000 to $1 million in projects or businesses that create jobs for U.S. citizens. The amount of the investment required depends on the type of project. Investors who are approved for the program can become legal permanent residents after two years and can later be eligible to become citizens.If Mayorkas were confirmed as Homeland Security's deputy secretary, he probably would run the department until a permanent replacement was approved to take over for departing Secretary Janet Napolitano.The email to lawmakers said the primary complaint against Mayorkas was that he helped a financing company run by Rodham  to win approval for an investor visa, even after the application was denied and an appeal was rejected.Mayorkas, a former U.S. attorney in California, previously came under criticism for his involvement in the commutation by President Bill Clinton of the prison sentence of the son of a Democratic Party donor.Another of Hillary Clinton's brothers, Hugh Rodham, had been hired by the donor to lobby for the commutation. Mayorkas told lawmakers during his 2009 confirmation hearing that "it was a mistake" to talk to the White House about the request.Hillary Clinton, who stepped down as secretary of state on Feb. 1, is considered a possible contender for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016.According to the Inspector General's email, the investigation of the investor visa program also includes allegations that other USCIS Office of General Counsel officials obstructed an audit of the visa program by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The email did not name any specific official from the general counsel's office.The email says investigators did not know whether Mayorkas was aware of the investigation.The FBI's Washington field office was told about the investigation in June after it inquired about Mayorkas as part of the White House background investigation for his nomination as deputy DHS secretary.The FBI in Washington has been concerned about the investor visa program and the projects funded by foreign sources since at least March, according to emails obtained by The AP.The bureau wanted details of all of the limited liability companies that had invested in the EB-5 visa program. Of particular concern, the FBI official wrote, was Chinese investment in projects, including the building of an FBI facility."Let's just say that we have a significant issue that my higher-ups are really concerned about and this may be addressed way above my pay grade," an official wrote in one email. The FBI official's name was redacted in that email.Iowa Sen. Charles Grassley, the ranking Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee, sent the FBI a lengthy letter Tuesday asking for details of its review of the foreign investor visa program and Chinese investment in U.S. infrastructure projects.Chinese investment in infrastructure projects has long been a concern of the U.S. government. In September, the Obama administration blocked a Chinese company from owning four wind farm projects in northern Oregon that were near a Navy base used to fly unmanned drones and electronic-warfare planes on training missions. In October, the House Intelligence Committee warned that two leading Chinese technology firms, Huawei Technologies Ltd. and ZTE Corp., posed a major security threat to the U.S. Both firms have denied being influenced by the Chinese government.The most routine users of the EB-5 program are Chinese investors.According to an undated, unclassified State Department report about the program obtained by the AP, the U.S. Consulate in Guangzhou, China, processed more investor visas in the 2011 fiscal year than any other consulate or embassy.The document says "applicants are usually coached and prepped for their interviews, making it difficult to take at face value applicants' claims" about where their money comes from and whether they hold membership in the Chinese Communist Party. Party membership would make an applicant ineligible for the investor visa.Anthony Rodham is president and CEO of Gulf Coast Funds Management LLC in McLean, Va. The firm is one of hundreds of "Regional Centers" that pool investments from foreign nationals looking to invest in U.S. businesses or industries as part of the foreign investor visa program.There was no immediate response to an email sent to Gulf Coast requesting comment.It is unclear from the IG's email why the investor visa application was denied. Visa requests can be denied for a number of reasons, including a circumstance where an applicant has a criminal background or is considered a threat to national security or public safety.Fox News' Jana Winter and The Associated Press contributed to this report. Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    With 'whistle-blower' witnesses set to testify, will questions about what happened during the Benghazi attacks, an alleged cover-up and Hillary Clinton's actions be answered?On the night of Sept. 11, as the Obama administration scrambled to respond to the Benghazi terror attacks, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and a key aide effectively tried to cut the department's own counterterrorism bureau out of the chain of reporting and decision-making, according to a "whistle-blower" witness from that bureau who will soon testify to the charge before Congress, Fox News has learned.That witness is Mark I. Thompson, a former Marine and now the deputy coordinator for operations in the agency’s counterterrorism bureau. Sources tell Fox News Thompson will level the allegation against Clinton during testimony on Wednesday before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, chaired by Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif.Fox News has also learned that another official from the counterterrorism bureau -- independently of Thompson -- voiced the same complaint about Clinton and Under Secretary for Management Patrick Kennedy to trusted national security colleagues back in October.Extremists linked to Al Qaeda stormed the U.S. Consulate and a nearby annex on Sept. 11, in a heavily armed and well-coordinated eight-hour assault that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya, Chris Stevens, and three other Americans.Thompson considers himself a whistle-blower whose account was suppressed by the official investigative panel that Clinton convened to review the episode, the Accountability Review Board (ARB). Thompson's lawyer, Joseph diGenova, a former U.S. attorney, has further alleged that his client has been subjected to threats and intimidation by as-yet-unnamed superiors at State, in advance of his cooperation with Congress.Sources close to the congressional investigation who have been briefed on what Thompson will testify tell Fox News the veteran counterterrorism official concluded on Sept. 11 that Clinton and Kennedy tried to cut the counterterrorism bureau out of the loop as they and other Obama administration officials weighed how to respond to -- and characterize -- the Benghazi attacks."You should have seen what (Clinton) tried to do to us that night," the second official in State's counterterrorism bureau told colleagues back in October.  Those comments would appear to be corroborated by Thompson's forthcoming testimony.State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki called the counterterrorism officials' allegation "100 percent false." A spokesman for Clinton said tersely that the charge is not true. Daniel Benjamin, who ran the department's Counterterrorism Bureau at the time, also put out a statement Monday morning strongly denying the charges."I ran the bureau then, and I can say now with certainty, as the former Coordinator for Counterterrorism, that this charge is simply untrue," he said. "Though I was out of the country on official travel at the time of the attack, I was in frequent contact with the Department. At no time did I feel that the Bureau was in any way being left out of deliberations that it should have been part of."He went on to call his bureau a "central participant in the interagency discussion about the longer-term response to Benghazi." He said "at no time was the Bureau sidelined or otherwise kept from carrying out its tasks."Thompson's attorney, diGenova, would not comment for this article.Documents from the State Department, the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Council, first published in the May 13 edition of "The Weekly Standard," showed that senior officials from those agencies decided within days of the attacks to delete all references to Al Qaeda's known involvement in them from "talking points" being prepared for those administration officers being sent out to discuss the attacks publicly.Those talking points -- and indeed, the statements of all senior Obama administration officials who commented publicly on Benghazi during the early days after the attacks -- sought instead to depict the Americans' deaths as the result of a spontaneous protest that went awry. The administration later acknowledged that there had been no such protest, as evidence mounted that Al Qaeda-linked terrorists had participated in the attacks. The latter conclusion had figured prominently in the earliest CIA drafts of the talking points, but was stricken by an ad hoc group of senior officials controlling the drafting process. Among those involved in prodding the deletions, the documents published by "The Weekly Standard" show, was State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland, who wrote at one point that the revisions were not sufficient to satisfy "my building's leadership."The allegations of the two counterterrorism officials stand to return the former secretary of state to the center of the Benghazi story. Widely regarded as a leading potential candidate for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016, Clinton has insisted she was not privy to decisions made by underlings about the inadequate security for the U.S. installations in Benghazi that were made in the run-up to the attacks. And she has portrayed her role -- once the attacks became known in Washington -- as that of a determined fact-finder who worked with colleagues to fashion the best possible response to the crisis.Clinton testified about Benghazi for the first and only time in January of this year, shortly before leaving office. She had long delayed her testimony, at first because she cited the need for the ARB to complete its report, and then because she suffered a series of untimely health problems that included a stomach virus, a concussion sustained during a fall at home, and a blood clot near her brain, from which she has since recovered. However, Clinton was never interviewed by the ARB she convened.Fox News disclosed last week that the conduct of the ARB is itself now under review by the State Department's Office of Inspector General. A department spokesman said the OIG probe is examining all prior ARBs, not just the one established after Benghazi.The two U.S. officials -- former Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Mike Mullen and former Ambassador Tom Pickering -- who oversaw the internal review of the attacks defended their report."From the beginning of the ARB process, we had unfettered access to everyone and everything including all the documentation we needed. Our marching orders were to get to the bottom of what happened, and that's what we did," they said in a statement Monday.The counterterrorism officials, however, concluded that Clinton and Kennedy were immediately wary of the attacks being portrayed as acts of terrorism, and accordingly worked to prevent the counterterrorism bureau from having a role in the department's early decision-making relating to them.Also appearing before the oversight committee on Wednesday will be Gregory N. Hicks, the deputy chief of mission at the U.S. Embassy in Libya at the time of the Benghazi terrorist attacks. Like Thompson, Hicks is a career State Department official who considers himself a Benghazi whistle-blower. His attorney, Victoria Toensing, a former chief counsel to the Senate Intelligence Committee, has charged that Hicks, too, has faced threats of reprisal from unnamed superiors at State. (Toensing and diGenova, who are representing their respective clients pro bono, are married.)Portions of the forthcoming testimony of Hicks -- who was one of the last people to speak to Stevens, and who upon the ambassador's death became the senior U.S. diplomat in Libya -- were made public by Rep. Issa during an appearance on the CBS News program "Face the Nation" on Sunday.Hicks told the committee that he and his colleagues on the ground in Libya that night knew instantly that Benghazi was a terrorist attack, and that he was astonished that no one drafting the administration's talking points consulted with him before finalizing them, or before U.N. Ambassador Susan Rice delivered them on the Sunday talk shows of Sept. 16.Hicks was interviewed by the ARB but Thompson was not, sources close to the committee's investigation tell Fox News.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Judge Andrew Napolitano gives his take on the NSA’s surveillance programsStung by public unease about new details of spying by the National Security Agency, President Barack Obama selected a panel of advisers he described as independent experts to scrutinize the NSA's surveillance programs to be sure they weren't violating civil liberties and to restore Americans' trust.But with just weeks remaining before its first deadline to report back to the White House, the review panel has effectively been operating as an arm of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, which oversees the NSA and all other U.S. spy efforts.The panel's advisers work in offices on loan from the DNI. Interview requests and press statements from the review panel are carefully coordinated through the DNI's press office. James Clapper, the intelligence director, exempted the panel from U.S. rules that require federal committees to conduct their business and their meetings in ways the public can observe. Its final report, when it's issued, will be submitted for White House approval before the public can read it.Even the panel's official name suggests it's run by Clapper's office: "Director of National Intelligence Review Group on Intelligence and Communications Technologies."Its meetings in recent weeks with technology industry and privacy groups have been closed to the public even though no classified information was discussed, according to participants. Attendees told The Associated Press they raised concerns about the NSA's spying programs. During one session, two participants said, panel members said the group might hold a separate classified meeting soon with technology executives to discuss details of secret surveillance programs."No one can look at this group and say it's completely independent," said one attendee, Sascha Meinrath, director of the Open Technology Institute and vice president at the New America Foundation. Meinrath said the closed meetings "leave the public out of the loop."Obama described the panel an Aug. 9 speech as an "independent group" and said its members would "consider how we can maintain the trust of the people, how we can make sure that there absolutely is no abuse in terms of how these surveillance technologies are used."The formal White House memorandum days later -- effectively the legal charter for the group -- does not specify anything about its role being independent of the Obama administration. It directed the panel to emphasize in its review whether U.S. spying programs protect national security, advance foreign policy and are protected against the types of leaks that led to the national debate in the first place. The final consideration in the White House memo told the panel to examine "our need to maintain the public trust." There was no mention of the panel investigating surveillance abuses.The review panel, in a statement released through the DNI's press office, confirmed to the AP that Clapper had exempted it from the U.S. Federal Advisory Committee Act, which requires such committees to conduct open meetings and notify the public about their activities. It said Clapper made the decision because of the "highly classified nature of their review," but added: "We are conducting this review as openly and transparently as possible." In private meetings so far, several attendees said their discussions did not mention any classified activities and that the panel members steered them away from doing so.Four of the five review panel members previously worked for Democratic administrations: Peter Swire, former Office of Management and Budget privacy director under President Bill Clinton; Michael Morell, Obama's former deputy CIA director; Richard Clarke, former counterterrorism coordinator under Clinton and later for President George W. Bush; and Cass Sunstein, Obama's former regulatory czar. A fifth panel member, Geoffrey Stone of the University of Chicago, leads a university committee looking to build Obama's presidential library in Chicago and was an informal adviser to Obama's 2008 presidential campaign.Stone wrote in a July op-ed that the NSA surveillance program that collects the phone records of every American every day is constitutional."We would have liked a more diverse group," said Michelle Richardson, an ACLU legislative counsel who attended one meeting for civil liberties groups.The review panel overlaps with a similar effort by a second advisory group. In July, Obama asked the independent Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board to report on the NSA programs and their effects on civil liberties. While PCLOB's work is expected to take months and has no deadline, Obama ordered the review group to report interim findings within 60 days and provide a final report by Dec. 15.'PCLOB chairman David Medine said recently that his group's purview was different because it was not subject to review by the White House. PCLOB's hearings so far have been conducted in public, although the group has been given classified briefings by national security officials."We're proceeding regardless of other groups' timelines," Medine said.A spokeswoman for the White House National Security Council, Caitlin Hayden, said the review group and civil liberties board have separate mandates.  She said the review panel is looking at spy programs authorized under the U.S. Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act and the USA Patriot Act, and references to the NSA collecting phone-records and obtaining copies of Internet messages from U.S. technology companies. The civil liberties board, however, is focusing on the same surveillance programs, according to a June 2013 Congressional authorization letter.Obama has said in recent comments that he might be open to setting up public advocates who could oppose government lawyers at secret federal surveillance court proceedings -- similar to a proposal by Swire in 2004. But the administration has otherwise backed the surveillance programs as essential for national security.Participants in one session held for the technology industry included lawyers and other figures from Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, Facebook and Apple -- firms that reportedly have worked with the NSA in surveillance operations. No phone company executives attended, participants said. Technology executives pressed for more authority to tell computer users their private data is not being abused by the government, said Robert Atkinson, president of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation.Neither session, according to participants, gave any hint of changes under consideration."Any time someone brought up what was at the heart of these issues," Meinrath said, "we were told to put that into record on the website, or else we were told it was classified."Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      WASHINGTON (AP) — Sen. John McCain says he is disturbed the Obama administration has not been more forthcoming about an American who disappeared while on a secret intelligence mission to Iran.McCain said he is confident the U.S. is doing all it can to learn what has happened to Robert Levinson, but he told CNN's "State of the Union" the CIA has not been forthcoming with the Congress about him. Iran's foreign minister, meanwhile, asserted that Levinson is "not incarcerated by the government and I believe the government runs, pretty much, good control of the country."An Associated Press investigation published last week found that Levinson was working for the CIA — investigating the Iranian government. The U.S. long has publicly described Levinson as a private citizen who traveled to an Iranian island on private business. McCain, R-Ariz., told CNN "the CIA did not tell the truth to the Congress" about Levinson. He said he doesn't "think there's any doubt" about whether Iran knows Levinson's fate.But Iran's Foreign Minister Javad Zarif, when asked on CBS' "Face the Nation" where Levinson is, replied: "I have no idea.""If we can trace him and find him, we will certainly discuss" returning him to the United States, he said.Secretary of State John Kerry dismissed a suggestion by Levinson's family that the U.S. government was not doing enough to find out what happened to Levinson."There hasn't been progress in the sense that we don't have him back. But to suggest that we have abandoned him or anybody has abandoned him is simply incorrect ... and not helpful," Kerry told ABC's "This Week.""The fact is I have personally raised the issue not only at the highest level ... but also through other intermediaries," said Kerry, noting "we have two other Americans that we're deeply concerned about."Right now, "we're looking for proof of life," Kerry said.Iran's press counselor at the United Nations called on Washington to explain Levinson's mission in Iranian territory, after the AP investigation revealed that he had been on an unauthorized assignment for the CIA when he vanished on Iran's Kish Island in March 2007.U.S. officials have raised the Levinson case with Iran repeatedly over the years. But until the AP investigation was published, it was not widely known that Levinson was hoping to gather information in his role as an independent contract investigator who expected to be compensated by a group of analysts at the CIA.After he vanished, the CIA at first told lawmakers he had previously done contract work for the agency, but he had no current relationship with the agency and there was no connection to Iran. However, in October 2007, Levinson's lawyer discovered emails in which Levinson told a CIA friend that he was working to develop a source with access to the Iranian government. The emails were turned over to the Senate Intelligence Committee, which touched off an internal CIA investigation.Three veteran analysts were forced out of the CIA and seven others were disciplined as a result of a breach of agency rules.The last photos and video of a bearded, emaciated Levinson were released anonymously to his family in 2010 and early 2011. Investigators say his trail has grown cold since then.A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Major League Baseball pulled its All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia’s voting law that opponents say would suppress minority voters.He capped off the performance with a duet with Katharine McPhee.Adam Scott will take listeners inside the ropes at Augusta National with his new podcast, "Fairgame."Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThe following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Chadwick Boseman's performance in his final film, Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, earned him a posthumous best actor in a lead role statuette during Sunday night's 27th Screen Actors Guild Awards. Boseman, who died of cancer last August, made history when he became the first actor to ever earn four SAG Award nominations in one year for movies, thanks to his work in Ma Rainey's Black Bottom and Da 5 Bloods. In February, Boseman was posthumously awarded the best actor in a drama Golden Globe for Ma Rainey's Black Bottom. While accepting the award, his widow, Simone Ledward Boseman, thanked the cast and crew of Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, and quoted her husband, saying, "If you see the world unbalanced, be a crusader that pushes heavily on the seesaw of the mind." This year's ceremony was held virtually, with the pre-recorded program lasting just one hour. The night's other winners include Ma Rainey's Black Bottom's Viola Davis, best female actor in a leading role; Judas and the Black Messiah's Daniel Kaluuya, best male actor in a supporting role; and Minari's Yuh-Jung Youn, best female actress in a supporting role. The Crown won best ensemble for a drama series, Schitt's Creek was named best ensemble for a comedy series, and Netflix's The Trial of the Chicago 7 received the outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture award, becoming the first film from a streaming service to earn the honor. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.East Germany’s Ministry for State Security, also known as the Stasi, posed a major challenge during my three-year stint as an attache at the U.S. Embassy in Bonn during the 1960s. Detecting and preventing Stasi agents from penetrating the security of U.S. diplomatic facilities in West Germany was a 24-7 undertaking.The East German secret police were even more ruthless and relentless in operations against their own citizens. Political suppression in that communist state was total. There was no room for dissent. Thousands of East Germans were arbitrarily imprisoned for “internal security” reasons.So it was especially galling to learn upon returning to the states in 1969 that the FBI had a counterintelligence program, known as COINTELPRO, that was, in some ways, as pernicious as the threat we were working against overseas.Senate hearings in the 1970s revealed that the FBI, under the guise of protecting national security, had treated rights guaranteed by the First Amendment as little more than a collection of antiquated wishes best ignored.With its surveillance of citizens, infiltration of civil rights groups and disruption of legal activities, the FBI’s counterintelligence program echoed the behavior of East Germany’s Stasi. The FBI acknowledges on its Web site that “COINTELPRO was later rightfully criticized by Congress and the American people for abridging first amendment rights and for other reasons.”Fortunately, Congress reined in the FBI, placing it behind, and not beyond, the Constitution.Where are we now?The revelations that the Justice Department had secretly seized journalists’ phone records and that the Internal Revenue Service had targeted conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status show that government’s heavy hand has not been lifted. Are these examples of COINTELPRO revisited?Not quite, though they are disturbing. Governments spend millions to prevent secrets from falling into enemy hands. A Justice Department probe into a compromised Middle East intelligence operation last year was not focused on the surreptitious work of a foreign power. The unlawful disclosure came from within.The Justice Department sought to discover who in the U.S. government allegedly told the Associated Press about a failed al-Qaeda plot in Yemen. The compromised Yemeni operation differs from some breakdowns in national security for its cause. Chalk up that serious breach to hubris: the leaker’s puerile chest-thumping about having bested a sworn enemy or, worse, a self-serving desire to burnish the Obama administration’s credentials as an al-Qaeda slayer. In this regard, the administration has only itself to blame. On top of the mistakes made by a U.S. official leaking the nation’s secrets, the administration compounded things by launching a dragnet for the records of calls received and made from 20 phone lines (including office, home and cell numbers) of the AP journalists in five area codes and three states.Talk about power running amok.Meanwhile, back in the bureaucracy, Internal Revenue Service workers were having a high old time putting conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status through hoops. IRS employees were instructed to be on the “lookout” for groups with “tea party” and “patriot” in their names, according to the report of the Treasury Department’s inspector general for tax administration.The acting IRS commissioner has already been forced to walk the plank, and more heads may roll. The IRS has a steep hill to climb to gain the public’s trust. But there is one bright spot: This misbehavior was detected and exposed by government self-policing. Of course, the selective screening never should have occurred. But the inspector general system created to ferret out government fraud, waste and abuse worked in this case. The Justice Department, meanwhile, is in an even deeper hole.Who can take seriously the department’s mission, as stated by its Office of Privacy and Civil Liberties, “to protect the privacy and civil liberties of the American people”?Famed First Amendment lawyer Floyd Abrams told the Daily Beast this week that the Justice Department’s broad seizure of journalists’ phone records was “certainly one of the most intense intrusions by the government into a pressroom that I can remember.”“Why couldn’t they put this issue before a judge?” Abrams asked. “What they have done is foreclose any meaningful response by the AP. This isn’t just seeking a record of one journalist for one day. This is breaking and entering into the heart of the journalistic process of the Associated Press.”Media outlets covering D.C. affairs should also be concerned. Journalists who draw on confidential sources while aggressively covering the city’s corruption scandal may now wonder if U.S. Attorney Ronald Machen is going after their phone records. After all, it was Machen’s office that served the subpoenas in the AP case.COINTELPRO? No. Unchecked government power? Yes. Read more from Colbert King’s archive.  Read more about this issue  Dana Milbank: The GOP overplays its hand  The Post’s View: Obama’s not a new Nixon  Michael Hirsh: Five myths about Benghazi  Charles Krauthammer: The truth, redacted  George F. Will: Obama’s tapped-out trust  Greg Sargent: GOP leaders urge caution on scandals  Jennifer Rubin: Five questions about the AP subpoenas  David Ignatius: The dysfunctional state We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.Congressman Frank Wolf (R-VA), a sub-committee chairman on the House Appropriations Committee, issued a resolution for a House Select Committee to investigate issues surrounding the Benghazi Attack last November in the 112th Congress. He re-issued his resolution for the select committee when the 113th Congress began. The resolution currently has over 60 co-sponsors.Only Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) can appoint a Select Committee and Boehner appears to mainly rely on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence to investigate the Benghazi attack. However, any information that may be garnered from that committee will, as always, remain classified.“As a retired Special Operations officer who spent most of my thirty-six years preparing for and executing rescue missions to save fellow Americans, I am deeply troubled by the events in Benghazi on September 11, 2012. The men and women who I served with lived by an ethos that pledged to never leave a fallen comrade and to make every effort to respond when a fellow American was threatened. I have seen men take great risks to save a fellow warrior. I have even seen men die trying to do so,” wrote General William G. ‘Jerry’ Boykin in a statement to Breitbart News. Boykin added, “The lack of accountability regarding the Benghazi event disturbs me greatly and bears the earmarks of a cover up. America is entitled to a full accounting of this egregious attack on our people with some explanation as to why there was no effort to save the Americans in the US Embassy annex and the CIA station, or at least to recover their bodies before they fell into Libyan hands. Our Congress has yet to fulfill its responsibility to provide a complete analysis of the attack or to provide answers as to what exactly happened. A  bi-partisan Special Committee is needed to determine the truth about Benghazi.”Last month, Rep. Wolf, along with Rep. Jim Gerlach (R-PA), a House Ways and Means Committee member, sent a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry demanding more information on State Department employees who survived the Benghazi attack. In his letter to Kerry, Wolf noted that sources say that as many as 30 survivors of the Benghazi attack were allegedly wounded. Seven of those thirty were said to be critical injuries.  Sec. Kerry confirmed he visited an injured Benghazi survivor at Walter Reed. Rep. Darrell Issa (R-CA), Chairman of the House Oversight Committee, pointed to Kerry’s admission as a reason why he expects to speak with Benghazi survivors. “Now that Secretary Kerry has publicly, essentially a Senator, in a post way, has chosen to visit with them, any claim that they’re not available at this point to Congress is unsupportable. And I look forward to oversight by all committees,” Issa told Breitbart News. Since Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) first told Breitbart News in December that the Obama administration had not been allowing him or any other member of Congress to see Benghazi survivors, more Republican members, including Senators Lindsey Graham (R-SC) and John McCain (R-AZ) are calling for survivors to be allowed to testify at hearings on Capitol Hill without fear of legal or career repercussions.Signers of the letter believe the House Select Committee should look into a number of issues, including the lack of military response to the events in Benghazi, if any non-military assistance was provided during the attack; the number U.S. personnel who were injured in Benghazi; the current locations of survivors; the names of the individuals in the White House Situation Room (WHSR) during the entire 8-hour period of the attacks and was a senior US military officer present.“As veterans from all aspects of Special Operations, we have no doubt that there’s a lot more to what happened in Benghazi than President Obama and his Administration are letting on. From the very beginning, he has attempted to mislead and outright lied to the American people about why the attack on September 11th, 2012 happened, how it happened, and what our government did or did not do to save the lives of our patriots abroad,” former Navy SEAL Captain Larry Bailey wrote in a statement to Breitbart News.The representatives from the retired military community want “a full accounting of the events of September 11, 2012,” adding that the,  “American public be fully informed regarding this egregious terrorist attack on US diplomatic personnel and facilities. We owe that truth to the American people and the families of the fallen.” SOF 700 Letter 4713National SecurityBenghaziCongressWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byBooks of The TimesBy James MannOver the last couple of years, numerous authors have reported on specific aspects of America’s counterterrorism effort, including the Navy SEAL team operations, the bin Laden raid, other targeted killings and the drone strikes. The virtue of Mark Mazzetti’s new book, “The Way of the Knife,” is the way in which it perceptively ties all these events together and paints the larger picture: Since the Sept. 11 attacks, America has gradually developed a new way of war, one that thoroughly relies on secret operations by the Central Intelligence Agency and the Pentagon. It “is now easier,” Mr. Mazzetti writes, “for the United States to carry out killing operations at the ends of the earth than at any time in its history.” Such actions are not unprecedented, as Mr. Mazzetti, a national security correspondent for The New York Times, acknowledges in his book. The C.I.A. carried out large-scale paramilitary operations in Vietnam and supported them in response to the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. The Pentagon has long engaged in spying. But Mr. Mazzetti focuses on the distinctive, modern-day practice of targeted killing, particularly through the use of drone strikes. He explores the set of forces — political, legal and technological — that gave rise to America’s increasing reliance on this tactic as a response to terrorism. In the immediate aftermath of the 2001 attacks, seeking to gather intelligence on Al Qaeda and its leaders the Bush administration pushed the C.I.A. to develop the extensive program that intelligence officials called R.D.I. — rendition, detention and interrogation. “The Way of the Knife” trenchantly analyzes how this program, which on occasion included torture, gave way under the Obama administration to an emphasis on drone attacks and targeted killing, which have so far attracted less controversy.“Armed drones, and targeted killing in general, offered a new direction for a spy agency that had begun to feel burned by its years in the detention-and-interrogation business,” Mr. Mazzetti writes. “Killing by remote control was the antithesis of the dry, intimate work of interrogation. It somehow seemed cleaner, less personal.” When the unmanned Predator had first been developed, some C.I.A. officials were reluctant to use it (or pay for it). But Mr. Mazzetti sums up what the Predator meant to policy makers in the White House with a quote from the former counterterrorism official Richard A. Clarke. He told agency officials, in essence, that if a Predator gets shot down, the pilot would merely go home and snuggle up to his wife. “It’s O.K.,” Mr. Clarke said. “There’s no P.O.W. issue here.” The political environment of the early Obama years further propelled the administration toward drones and targeted killing. No “prominent member of President Obama’s own party had criticized drone strikes, and Republicans were hardly in a position to challenge the new president for fighting too aggressive a campaign against terrorists,” Mr. Mazzetti explains. Much of this book is devoted to the frequent battles within the United States government over the conduct of the secret wars. The principal protagonists have been America’s two huge national-security agencies, the Pentagon and the C.I.A. — although, in Mr. Mazzetti’s account, there are also skirmishes between the American Embassy in Pakistan and Washington, between the State Department and the C.I.A., even between separate offices of the American Embassy in Kenya.Some of these conflicts seem predictable and not particularly interesting. Yet Mr. Mazzetti effectively wades through the euphemisms and bureaucratic fog. When a Pentagon contractor sought to avoid infringing on the C.I.A.’s turf, he said that what he was doing was not spying or gathering intelligence, but rather collecting “atmospheric information.” “The Way of the Knife” has some flaws. The narrative sometimes seems disjointed, because it occasionally bogs down in individual cases whose significance is unclear or in episodes that distract from the larger story. For example, there’s Mr. Mazzetti’s superb handling — the best account yet — of the case of Raymond Davis, the burly American spy jailed by Pakistani officials after he killed two men on the streets of Lahore. The book deftly explains how this case marked a fundamental turning point in American relations with Pakistan by showing that country’s intelligence service the extent to which the C.I.A. was operating inside its borders without its permission or even its knowledge. But then, by contrast, Mr. Mazzetti dwells unaccountably on a woman named Michele Ballarin, a Virginia socialite who dabbled in influencing American policy toward Somalia. At first glance, she seems an updated version of Joanne Herring, the Texas supporter of the anti-Soviet resistance in Afghanistan whose flamboyant character was played by Julia Roberts in “Charlie Wilson’s War.” But the book never makes clear Ms. Ballarin’s background or motivations, and the recurring accounts of her activities never seem to go anywhere.Another defect in “The Way of the Knife” is that it sometimes transmits the tall tales, hype or braggadocio of the people Mr. Mazzetti interviewed. The book reports, in passing, that a C.I.A. official “penetrated the K.G.B. with dozens of highly placed moles in the 1970s,” although, based on cold war histories, that claim seems highly inflated even for the agency as a whole, much less an individual agent. Similarly, another interviewee tells Mr. Mazzetti that “most of the C.I.A.’s informants in China were 80-year-old generals” although in the People’s Liberation Army these days, there are few if any generals over 80 and, I’d wager, few if any of these are working for American intelligence. These highly dubious claims come not from the author himself, but the people he interviewed — yet he might have showed some skepticism in reporting what they said.Over all, though, Mr. Mazzetti’s book stands up as a portrait of the secret wars. Recent developments have served to underscore the point of the book. The President’s Intelligence Advisory Board warned last month that the C.I.A. has become too focused on drone strikes and paramilitary operations; it recommended a renewed focus on traditional spying and analysis in places like China.“Many C.I.A. officers who joined the agency since Sept. 11, 2001, have experienced only man hunting and killing,” writes Mr. Mazzetti. Perhaps, one can hope, the C.I.A. will bring this era to a close. AdvertisementSign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.Chuck Hagel’s nomination for now is in suspension. Sen. Harry Reid (D-Nev.) has conceded that he does not have 60 votes for cloture Friday.  If he does not, he will likely delay Friday’s vote rather than lose on a cloture vote. (A loss on cloture would spur an onslaught of speculation regarding Hagel’s viability.)And this report has surfaced, with yet another mind-boggling statement that Hagel delivered at Rutgers University in 2007:Sen. John Cornyn (R-Tex.), who has worked with his caucus to require a 60-vote threshold, told Right Turn: “This appears to be further evidence of Sen. Hagel’s extreme views and why he should not be our next secretary of defense.” An official with a Jewish organization told me, “No one really wants this guy, except one person, the president.” The Republican Jewish Coalition put out a statement, which read, in part:Rabbi Abraham Cooper of the Simon Wiesenthal Center said in a phone conversation that the notion that our government is an adjunct of Israel is “beyond fantasy.” As for Hagel himself, Cooper was blunt: “Do most Americans think he is the best person? They do not.” Moreover, Hagel’s shaky performance on Iran troubled Cooper greatly. “He either wasn’t briefed, or maybe he was nervous,” he offered. But well beyond any ludicrous statements about Jews and Israel, Cooper said, “most important, the mullahs are going full-blast with nuclearization. Our only shot is a chokehold on the people that count [in the regime] and the fear of a powerful, immediate response.” He worries that Hagel simply won’t be able to advance that position. “He would be entering the endgame,” Cooper said.Over the past few days, the sentiment within the Republican Senate caucus has shifted from resignation that Hagel would get through to frustration with the White House’s refusal to come forward with Benghazi information and disgust with a nominee this unimpressive.Although there are not 60 votes for cloture this Friday, the White House will still press to confirm Hagel after the break; Hagel’s opponents will have a week to find the last scraps of information on him. Considering the drip, drip of new revelations, it is entirely possible more will show up.As we have explained, when and if Hagel gets through he will take over with a diminished reputation and low credibility. I don’t often agree with NBC News but this is dead on: “Hagel has been wounded by the entire process. (Yes, if confirmed, he has the ability — just like Tim Geithner did — to rehabilitate his image, but there are serious questions about his effectiveness, especially in dealing with Congress.)”UPDATE: Abe Foxman, head of the Anti-Defamation League reacts to the reported comment by Hagel: “It is somewhat puzzling that this would surface the day that the Senate was scheduled to vote on the nomination.  Nevertheless, if the story is true, it is very disturbing – probably more disturbing than his interview in Aaron David Miller’s book.   If it is not true, then Senator Hagel should say so, and take the speculation about his remark off of the table.”The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 Breitbart“One down and one to go,” Gosar said in a statement. “While Secretary Napolitano may be gone she will not be forgotten. Her inaction and incompetence on border security will continue to plague our nation for years to come.”“‘See no evil, hear no evil and speak no evil’ is no way to govern and yet it is exactly how she and this administration operates,” he continued. “The American public deserve better.”Gosar added that it is time for Holder to resign as well.“What the American people need now is for Attorney General Eric Holder to follow her lead and resign,” Gosar said. “The American people have no confidence in him or his ability to do his job. My message to him would be: Better late than never. Today is a good day to go.”Gosar has a resolution in the House calling for Holder’s resignation that a number of members of Congress have signed onto. During the previous session, 130 House members, eight U.S. Senators, and several governors from around the country called for Holder to resign over Operation Fast and Furious. In Fast and Furious, the Obama administration’s Department of Justice and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives allowed 2,000 weapons bought through straw purchases to fall into the hands of Mexican drug cartels. Holder remains in both criminal and civil contempt of Congress for his failure to cooperate with the congressional investigation into the scandal, which left hundreds of Mexican citizens and U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry dead. President Obama has asserted executive privilege to continue concealing thousands of pages of documents related to the scandal from Congress.Fast and Furious is hardly Holder’s only problem moving forward, especially as House Republicans draw closer to obtaining the documents uncovered via a federal court lawsuit. The Attorney General faces multiple scandals, particularly his decision to approve secret investigations into members of the news media. Holder reportedly met with President Obama on a forthcoming report on the DOJ’s activities in regards to that issue on Friday.The Associated Press noted how Gosar’s harsh words for Napolitano contrast sharply with those of his fellow Arizona Republican, Sen. John McCain. McCain rushed to praise Napolitano for her work, saying she “served our nation with honor.”Napolitano’s DHS released hundreds of illegal aliens from prisons earlier this year, citing the sequester as the reason.PoliticsCongressEric HolderPaul Gosar.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALNew footage of a speech by Chuck Hagel in 2008 has surfaced, in which the former Senator mocked the idea of continuing the U.S. policy of confronting Iran and supporting Israel. “When I hear the talk about–well you can’t talk with Iran, you can’t talk with Syria and we’re, we should stay where we are and support Israel, and so on, well you miss the point,” he told the laughing audience at an event for his book, America: Our Next Chapter.Hagel added that the U.S. “shouldn’t even be thinking about the options of bombing Iran,” even in the event of a nuclear attack on Israel, and suggested Israel would be the first to attack Iran with a nuclear weapon.Hagel told the Senate on Jan. 31 that he could not provide records or video for more than four of the “hundreds” of speeches he had given over the previous five years because they had not been transcribed or recorded:We have given the committee every copy of every speech that I have that’s out there, every video that I have that’s out there. On paid speeches, most every one of those paid speeches–in the contract it says that they are private and not videotaped. That wasn’t my decision. That was the contract of the group I spoke to. I believe every paid speech I gave I didn’t have a prepared text. I gave it extemporaneously, which is something I’ve been doing for long before I left the Senate.However, records and recordings of many of those speeches do exist, suggesting the administration either did not perform the due diligence necessary to comply with the Senate’s request, or that Hagel misled the Senate.In the new footage, which was uploaded to YouTube and is apparently from a question-and-answer session after his formal remarks, Hagel fields a question about whether the U.S. would attack Iran to help defend Israel from an attack by Iran or one of its proxies that threatened Israel’s existence. He says that the U.S. should not attack Iran, and that the U.S. should “engage” Iran instead–even in those circumstances:Q: [I]f Israel is attacked by Iran or an Iranian proxy like Hezbollah in a way that existentially threatens Israel, almost to the extent that Israel was attacked in ’73 and it’s existentially threatened, would you support an American airstrike using U.S. forces, B2s, whatever on Iran?”A: I’ll answer the question as honestly as I can. That’s a hypothetical question that somehow frames up the simplicity of the hypothetical question. The complications in the Middle East, and I’m certainly not an expert there, I have a chapter on the Middle East, I do know [laughter], I know a little something about the Middle East. I spent a lot of time there. And I spent a lot of time in Israel with the prime minister and others. You, who are well informed on this issue know the complexities starting with–go back to the Bible, go back to ancient times, thousands of years. I mean that, if you really want to start trying to understand the Middle East, Paul, or David Aaron Miller, who you may know, has a new book out on this, The Not So Promised Land, [sic]. And if you want to read something that is very, very enlightening, this guy, he’s getting tremendous reviews on it. He’s Jewish. He worked in the State Department , worked for Baker, worked for Albright, I think he’s worked for four Secretaries of State, different Democrats, Republicans. But it’s a great, great book.But your question, I mean the complication of what’s going on there, Hamas is already attacking Israel. Iran supports Hamas. Iran supports Hezbollah. What I would much rather see is this administration, or hopefully the next administration, engage Iran, engage Syria. When I hear the talk about–well you can’t talk with Iran, you can’t talk with Syria and we’re, we should stay where we are and support Israel, and so on, well you miss the point. Our policy has been so successful I believe, hasn’t it [laughter], that the Middle East is far better off today than it’s ever been, isn’t it? [Laughter.] I mean all those countries, Lebanon is in great shape, Gaza is in great shape, Israel is in good shape, Iran, Iraq, things have never looked better, because we won’t talk to anybody. We are not going to have peace, stability, security or anything that even hints of it in the Middle East until Iran and Syria and all the players are part of it.Now that doesn’t apologize for, or doesn’t close our eyes to what Iran has been doing, what Iran does do. But unless they are engaged in some way, then I don’t see this getting any better. And where this could go, where this could eventually go–somebody was asking me the other day about a nuclear exchange in the world, where that would come from? And I said, well, I’ll give you a scenario that’s very real. If Israel gets backed up enough into a corner, and Israel uses a tactical theater nuclear weapon–you want to talk about seeing some things unravel in the world. The United States shouldn’t even be thinking about the options of bombing Iran or anybody else. I mean, we got our hands full right now… [Applause]Last week, Iranian “Supreme Leader” Ayatollah Ali Khamenei bluntly rejected the suggestion by Vice President Joe Biden that the U.S. and Iran should meet for direct, bilateral talks on Iran’s nuclear program.National SecurityIranSenateSyria.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartDozens of e-mails released by the White House reveal that Obama administration officials were behind the crafting of a false narrative about the attack in Benghazi, Libya. The communications raise questions about who called the shots and why, say an analyst and a lawmaker involved in the investigation.According to the documents, officials at the State Department, CIA and White House national security staff heavily revised a CIA memo to remove all references to Islamist extremists known to have participated in the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Libya.The revisions also removed the CIA's claims that the agency had issued repeated warnings to the State Department about the threat of al-Qaeda-linked militants in Benghazi.Among the unknowns:•Why were the revisions made?•Why did Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton testify before Congress that the edits were a product of the intelligence community when State officials had made many of the requests for alterations?•Why did the White House say it made no substantive edits when the e-mails show officials there helped lead the process for changes?•Where did the story come from that the attack grew from a protest against an anti-Islam video? The video was mentioned once in 100 pages of e-mails, but it was a central theme of Obama's and Clinton's description of the event."It's widely accepted as fact now that what the White House was spewing was demonstrably false," says Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, who is on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee. "I think there was clarity in the beginning, but it became obscured by fiction over the course of time."President Obama acknowledged during a news conference Thursday that "there's been intense discussion in Congress lately about the attacks in Benghazi." He said he is intent on doing everything in the government's power to prevent a similar tragedy, and he is increasing security and military presence at high risk diplomatic posts. Congress should "come together" to provide needed funding, he said.The e-mails from Sept. 14-15 show that the State Department was "the key driving force for the revisions," says Thomas Joscelyn, an analyst with the Foundation for the Defense of Democracy in Washington.The White House has since acknowledged what the CIA stated from the beginning: The Benghazi attack was a planned terrorist attack.Chaffetz says many more documents need to be released to explain why the truth didn't come out right away.Major revisions to the CIA memo were requested by Victoria Nuland, then-spokeswoman for the State Department, who said changes were needed to "resolve all my issues or those of my building leadership." The e-mails do not state what leaders she referred to.Protests to the video "came to be the central focal point" of the administration's explanation of how the attack happened, Chaffetz says, but no such protest happened outside the consulate.Chaffetz says it's "a mystery that only the White House can clarify."Susan Rice, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, used the final version of the CIA memo when she went on talk shows Sept. 16 and blamed the attack that killed U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three others on the protests.Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings, ranking Democrat on the oversight committee, said the e-mails show that State Department and other administration officials altered the memo "to protect the FBI's ongoing criminal investigation and our nation's intelligence operations."He accused Republicans of making "reckless accusations" that the White House scrubbed the talking points for political reasons.Yet another question is why then-CIA chief David Petraeus, who expressed displeasure with the final talking points, did not act more forcefully to prevent the watered down version of his memo from being presented to lawmakers and the public."As CIA director, he has an ability to shape the narrative, and if he thinks the narrative is incorrect, he has a duty to speak up," Joscelyn said.Though White House spokesman Jay Carney has insisted the White House made almost no changes to the original memo, the e-mails show that Tommy Vietor, then-spokesman for the White House's national security adviser, wanted State Department concerns about the memo to be addressed.Members of Congress "all think it was premeditated based on inaccurate assumptions or briefings. ... We need to brief members/press and correct the record,"Vietor wrote in an e-mail Sept. 14.Nuland said in e-mails that the CIA memo's references to previous terrorist activity near the consulate and in the region could be construed by Congress as evidence that the State Department ignored the safety of its staff in Benghazi.The CIA retorted in the e-mails that the FBI "did not have major concerns" with the memo's findings. Evidence for its conclusions that the attack was preplanned by an al-Qaeda-linked terrorist group came from the claims of terror group Ansar al-Sharia and witness accounts forwarded by the CIA station chief in Tripoli.Even top State officials had acknowledged that fact before the process to edit it out began, Chaffetz said.Chaffetz said one e-mail, which was sent the day after the attack by Beth Jones, State's acting assistant secretary for Near Eastern Affairs, to several high ranking State Department officials, described how she corrected the Libyan ambassador to the United States for suggesting the Benghazi attack may have been perpetrated by loyalists to ousted Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi.Jones wrote to her supervisors, Chaffetz says, that the al-Qaeda-linked Libyan group Ansar al-Sharia was behind the attack.Republican lawmakers have demanded more information about last year's attack on the US consulate in Benghazi, Libya, a day after new details came to light.US Secretary of State John Kerry vowed meanwhile to get to the bottom of what happened on 11 September 2012.On Wednesday a US diplomat said he was "stunned" that UN Ambassador Susan Rice framed the raid as spontaneous, in testimony to a congressional panel.Four Americans, including Ambassador Christopher Stevens, died in the raid.House Speaker John Boehner called on the White House to release an email sent by a state department official saying she had informed the Libyan ambassador the attack had been carried out by Islamist militants."The state department would not allow our committees to keep copies of this email when it was reviewed," Mr Boehner told reporters on Thursday."I would call on the president to order the state department to release this email so the American people can see it."Meanwhile, Mr Kerry, in Rome, said he had appointed a senior aide, David Wade, to take charge of congressional inquiries relating to the incident.He pledged he would "leave no stone unturned" to find out what happened during the attack.Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, viewed as a possible 2016 Democratic presidential candidate, angrily defended her handling of the Benghazi raid in a series of hearings on Capitol Hill in January.On Wednesday, during several hours of emotional testimony, Gregory Hicks, the deputy chief of mission in Tripoli, described in detail how events unfolded on the night of the attack.He said he was at home watching TV when he received a call from Ambassador Stevens, saying the consulate was under attack. Moments later, the line was cut.Later that night Mr Hicks heard from the Libyan prime minister, who informed him the ambassador was dead.During the night, Mr Hicks said he received calls from Libyans using the ambassador's phone. They said they had the envoy with them.But Mr Hicks did not act on the calls, fearing an ambush.Mr Hicks also expressed frustration with the lack of a US military response during the night-time attack, saying a second assault could have been deterred.The Pentagon has said nothing could have been done to assist the Americans in Benghazi.Meanwhile, UN Ambassador Susan Rice has been heavily criticised for inaccurate comments about the attack in the days immediately afterwards.She said on a Sunday chat show on 16 September that the attack had grown out of an anti-US protest, while other officials have said they knew at the time it was an organised, armed assault, possibly by an Islamist militant group."My jaw dropped and I was embarrassed," Mr Hicks said on his reaction to her interview.Ambassador Stevens died of smoke inhalation when he was trapped in the burning consulate building, after armed men stormed the compound. State department employee Sean Smith and former Navy Seals Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty also died in the attack.Some Republicans accuse the White House of hiding information about the attack, while Democrats say the issue has become politicised.Clinton defends Benghazi handlingReport condemns Benghazi failingsTimeline: Benghazi attackDid Ansar al-Sharia carry out Libya attack?Obituary: J Christopher StevensPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy2Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot3Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version6Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling7Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'8England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.By Mark Hosenball WASHINGTON (Reuters) - British and U.S. intelligence officials say they are worried about a "doomsday" cache of highly classified, heavily encrypted material they believe former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden has stored on a data cloud. The cache contains documents generated by the NSA and other agencies and includes names of U.S. and allied intelligence personnel, seven current and former U.S. officials and other sources briefed on the matter said. The data is protected with sophisticated encryption, and multiple passwords are needed to open it, said two of the sources, who like the others spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters. The passwords are in the possession of at least three different people and are valid for only a brief time window each day, they said. The identities of persons who might have the passwords are unknown. Spokespeople for both NSA and the U.S. Office of the Director of National Intelligence declined to comment. One source described the cache of still unpublished material as Snowden's "insurance policy" against arrest or physical harm. U.S. officials and other sources said only a small proportion of the classified material Snowden downloaded during stints as a contract systems administrator for NSA has been made public. Some Obama Administration officials have said privately that Snowden downloaded enough material to fuel two more years of news stories. "The worst is yet to come," said one former U.S. official who follows the investigation closely. Snowden, who is believed to have downloaded between 50,000 and 200,000 classified NSA and British government documents, is living in Russia under temporary asylum, where he fled after traveling to Hong Kong. He has been charged in the United States under the Espionage Act. Cryptome, a website which started publishing leaked secret documents years before the group WikiLeaks or Snowden surfaced, estimated that the total number of Snowden documents made public so far is over 500. Given Snowden's presence in Moscow, and the low likelihood that he will return to the United States anytime soon, U.S. and British authorities say they are focused more on dealing with the consequences of the material he has released than trying to apprehend him. It is unclear whether U.S. or allied intelligence agencies - or those of adversary services such as Russia's and China's - know where the material is stored and, if so, have tried to unlock it. One former senior U.S. official said that the Chinese and Russians have cryptographers skilled enough to open the cache if they find it. Snowden's revelations of government secrets have brought to light extensive and previously unknown surveillance of phone, email and social media communications by the NSA and allied agencies. That has sparked several diplomatic rows between Washington and its allies, along with civil liberties debates in Europe, the United States and elsewhere. Among the material which Snowden acquired from classified government computer servers, but which has not been published by media outlets known to have had access to it, are documents containing names and resumes of employees working for NSA's British counterpart, the Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), sources familiar with the matter said. The sources said Snowden started downloading some of it from a classified GCHQ website, known as GC-Wiki, when he was employed by Dell and assigned to NSA in 2012. Snowden made a calculated decision to move from Dell Inc to another NSA contractor, Booz Allen Hamilton, because he would have wide-ranging access to NSA data at the latter firm, one source with knowledge of the matter said. "EXTREME PRECAUTIONS" Glenn Greenwald, who met with Snowden in Hong Kong and was among the first to report on the leaked documents for the Guardian newspaper, said the former NSA contractor had "taken extreme precautions to make sure many different people around the world have these archives to insure the stories will inevitably be published." "If anything happens at all to Edward Snowden, he has arranged for them to get access to the full archives," Greenwald said in a June interview with the Daily Beast website. He added: "I don't know for sure whether has more documents than the ones he has given me... I believe he does." In an email exchange with Reuters, Greenwald, who has said he remains in contact with Snowden, affirmed his statements about Snowden's "precautions" but said he had nothing to add. Officials believe that the "doomsday" cache is stored and encrypted separately from any material that Snowden has provided to media outlets. Conservative British politicians, including Louise Mensch, a former member of parliament, have accused the Guardian, one of two media outlets to first publish stories based on Snowden's leaks, of "trafficking of GCHQ agents' names abroad." No names of British intelligence personnel have been published by any media outlet. After U.K. officials informed the Guardian it could face legal action, the newspaper disclosed it had destroyed computers containing Snowden material on GCHQ, but had provided copies of the data to the New York Times and the U.S. nonprofit group ProPublica. Sources familiar with unpublished material Snowden downloaded said it also contains information about the CIA - possibly including personnel names - as well as other U.S. spy agencies such as the National Reconnaissance Office and National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency, which operate U.S. image-producing satellites and analyze their data. U.S. security officials have indicated in briefings they do not know what, if any, of the material is still in Snowden's personal possession. Snowden himself has been quoted as saying he took no such materials with him to Russia. (Editing by Warren Strobel and Tim Dobbyn)A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Major League Baseball pulled its All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia’s voting law that opponents say would suppress minority voters.He capped off the performance with a duet with Katharine McPhee.Adam Scott will take listeners inside the ropes at Augusta National with his new podcast, "Fairgame."Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThe following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Chadwick Boseman's performance in his final film, Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, earned him a posthumous best actor in a lead role statuette during Sunday night's 27th Screen Actors Guild Awards. Boseman, who died of cancer last August, made history when he became the first actor to ever earn four SAG Award nominations in one year for movies, thanks to his work in Ma Rainey's Black Bottom and Da 5 Bloods. In February, Boseman was posthumously awarded the best actor in a drama Golden Globe for Ma Rainey's Black Bottom. While accepting the award, his widow, Simone Ledward Boseman, thanked the cast and crew of Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, and quoted her husband, saying, "If you see the world unbalanced, be a crusader that pushes heavily on the seesaw of the mind." This year's ceremony was held virtually, with the pre-recorded program lasting just one hour. The night's other winners include Ma Rainey's Black Bottom's Viola Davis, best female actor in a leading role; Judas and the Black Messiah's Daniel Kaluuya, best male actor in a supporting role; and Minari's Yuh-Jung Youn, best female actress in a supporting role. The Crown won best ensemble for a drama series, Schitt's Creek was named best ensemble for a comedy series, and Netflix's The Trial of the Chicago 7 received the outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture award, becoming the first film from a streaming service to earn the honor. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsWASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama's nominee for defense secretary on Thursday defended his views of the military and global threats in a combative confirmation hearing, pushing back against criticism of his past statements on Israel, Iran, Iraq and nuclear weapons. Chuck Hagel told senators that America "must engage — not retreat — in the world," and insisted that his record is consistent on that point.The former two-term Republican senator faced strong GOP resistance and was forced to explain past remarks and votes even as he appeared on a path to confirmation as Obama second-term defense secretary and the nation's 24th Pentagon chief.His fiercest exchange came with Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., a fellow Vietnam veteran, onetime close friend and a potential vote that would carry considerable sway. Politics and Hagel's evolving opposition to the Iraq war caused a split between the two men that was on full display at the confirmation hearing.McCain pressed Hagel on whether he was right or wrong about his opposition to the influx of 30,000 U.S. troops in Iraq in 2007. Hagel, who voted to authorize military force in Iraq, later opposed the conflict, comparing it to Vietnam and arguing that it shifted the focus from Afghanistan."Were you right? Were you correct in your assessment?" McCain asked."I would defer to the judgment of history to sort that out," Hagel said as the two men talked over each other."The committee deserves your judgment as to whether you were right or wrong about the surge," McCain insisted.Unable to elicit a simple answer, McCain said the record should show that Hagel refused to answer.McCain made it clear that he would have the final word — with his vote, which he said would be influenced by Hagel's refusal to answer yes or no."I think history has already made a judgment about the surge, sir, and you're on the wrong side of it. And your refusal to answer whether you were right or wrong about it is going to have an impact on my judgment as to whether to vote for your confirmation or not," he said.Hagel was the lone witness in a jam-packed hearing room at a session that could be crucial in determining whether he will win Senate confirmation and join Obama's second-term national security team. He spoke out forcefully for a strong military while trying to explain 12 years of Senate votes and numerous statements."No one individual vote, no one individual quote or no one individual statement defines me, my beliefs, or my record," Hagel told the Senate Armed Services Committee. "My overall worldview has never changed: that America has and must maintain the strongest military in the world; that we must lead the international community to confront threats and challenges together; and that we must use all tools of American power to protect our citizens and our interests."Hagel, 66, a decorated Vietnam combat veteran, would be the lone Republican in Obama's cabinet and the first enlisted man to become defense secretary, a point that Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin, D-Mich., highlighted."It would be a positive message for our soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines in harm's way around the world to know that one of their own holds the highest office in the Department of Defense and that he has their backs," Levin said.Two former committee chairmen — Democrat Sam Nunn and Republican John Warner — introduced the nominee."War for Chuck Hagel is not an abstraction," Nunn said.Hagel has the announced backing of about a dozen Democrats and the tacit support of dozens more who are unlikely to embarrass the president by defeating his Cabinet pick. One Republican — Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi — has said he will vote for his former colleague.Seven Republicans, including four members of the Armed Services panel, have said they will oppose Hagel's nomination. Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., announced his opposition on Thursday, saying Hagel's views "are too apart from what I believe to be the way forward for preserving America's proper role in the world."Democrats hold a 55-45 advantage in the Senate.Republicans repeatedly questioned Hagel about a May 2012 study that he co-authored by the advocacy group Global Zero that called for an 80 percent reduction of U.S. nuclear weapons and elimination of all nuclear-armed intercontinental ballistic missiles.The group argued that with the Cold War over, the United States needs no more than 900 total nuclear weapons. Currently, the U.S. and Russia have about 5,000 each, either deployed or in reserve. Both countries are on track to reduce the deployed strategic warheads to 1,550 by 2018, the number set in the New START treaty that the Senate ratified in December 2010.Sen. Deb Fischer, R-Neb., quoted from the report and expressed serious misgivings."Many of my colleagues are concerned you've changed your views. My concerns are that you haven't changed your views. You continue to hold extreme views, far to the left even of this administration," said Fischer.In last year's Senate race, Hagel endorsed Fischer's Democratic rival, former Sen. Bob Kerrey, who also is a decorated Vietnam combat veteran.Hagel insisted that the report was illustrative and said it wasn't realistic to consider unilateral reductions.In an exchange with Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., Hagel sought to explain that his wartime experience in which he was wounded twice informed his decisions and votes."It does condition you," he said. "I'm not shaped, framed, molded, consumed by that experience. Of course not. But it's part of me."Once the hearing was under way, the Republican National Committee put out a news release titled, "Chuck Hagel is the Wrong Choice for Secretary of Defense," and contending that he would weaken the nation's military.Responding specifically to attacks from outside GOP-leaning groups, Hagel repeated his regrets about using the term "Jewish lobby" to refer to pro-Israel groups. He said he should have used another term."I should have used another term and I'm sorry and I regret it," Hagel said. "On the use of intimidation, I should have used 'influence,' I think would have been more appropriate."Hagel said he was committed to Obama's goal of ensuring that Iran does not obtain a nuclear weapon, and insisted that all options, including military force, are on the table."My policy is one of prevention, and not one of containment — and the president has made clear that is the policy of our government," Hagel said.Under questioning, Hagel said he always supported multilateral sanctions against Iran, but acknowledged that he cast votes against unilateral sanctions on a case-by-case basis. He argued that in some cases, such as votes in 2001-2002, he was taking into account the concerns of Republican President George W. Bush.He also countered with votes and letters against Iran and Hezbollah."There's a more complete record than just one or two or three or four" votes, Hagel said, insisting that he has been on the record many times saying Hamas and Hezbollah are terrorist organizations and Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism.Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina was harshly critical of Hagel for failing to sign letters to the European Union and the president in years past on designating Hezbollah a terrorist organization and backing Israel."The lack of signature by you runs chills up my spine," Graham complained.A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Major League Baseball pulled its All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia’s voting law that opponents say would suppress minority voters.He capped off the performance with a duet with Katharine McPhee.Adam Scott will take listeners inside the ropes at Augusta National with his new podcast, "Fairgame."Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThe following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Chadwick Boseman's performance in his final film, Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, earned him a posthumous best actor in a lead role statuette during Sunday night's 27th Screen Actors Guild Awards. Boseman, who died of cancer last August, made history when he became the first actor to ever earn four SAG Award nominations in one year for movies, thanks to his work in Ma Rainey's Black Bottom and Da 5 Bloods. In February, Boseman was posthumously awarded the best actor in a drama Golden Globe for Ma Rainey's Black Bottom. While accepting the award, his widow, Simone Ledward Boseman, thanked the cast and crew of Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, and quoted her husband, saying, "If you see the world unbalanced, be a crusader that pushes heavily on the seesaw of the mind." This year's ceremony was held virtually, with the pre-recorded program lasting just one hour. The night's other winners include Ma Rainey's Black Bottom's Viola Davis, best female actor in a leading role; Judas and the Black Messiah's Daniel Kaluuya, best male actor in a supporting role; and Minari's Yuh-Jung Youn, best female actress in a supporting role. The Crown won best ensemble for a drama series, Schitt's Creek was named best ensemble for a comedy series, and Netflix's The Trial of the Chicago 7 received the outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture award, becoming the first film from a streaming service to earn the honor. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.During her Senate testimony, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton stated that approximately 25 Americans who were on the ground or who witnessed the terrorist attack in Benghazi were immediately evacuated. Secretary Clinton also revealed that neither she, nor her senior people, debriefed or spoke with those people immediately after the attack, or for months afterward, to understand what happened. She stated that she didn't want to be later accused of playing politics.When I questioned her about the misinformation disseminated for days by the administration, most notably by Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice on Sunday news programs five days after the attack, she asked, "What difference does it make?"If you don't expeditiously debrief the people who witnessed the attack, how can you understand who initiated it, what weapons they used and who may have been involved? How do you initiate a proper response if you don't know what transpired? How do you move properly to protect other American assets and people in the region? How do you know what failures occurred, so that you can immediately correct them, if you have not debriefed the very victims of those failures? And lastly, how do you tell the truth to the American people if you don't know the facts?Our diplomatic forces in Benghazi were denied the security they repeatedly requested for many months before Sept. 11, 2012. Secretary Clinton stated that she was not told of those desperate requests in the most dangerous region in the world. As a result, our people in Benghazi were ill-prepared to repel or avoid that attack, and four Americans were murdered. For many days after the event, the American people were also misinformed as to the nature and perpetrators of that attack.In truth, Benghazi is a failure of leadership — before, during and after the terrorist attack.To answer Secretary Clinton, it does make a difference. It matters enormously for the American public to know whether or not their president and members of his administration are on top of a crisis and telling them the truth.Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., is a member of the Foreign Relations Committee.Leaders of the nation’s biggest technology firms warned President Obama during a lengthy meeting at the White House on Tuesday that National Security Agency spying programs are damaging their reputations and could harm the broader economy. Cisco Systems has said it is seeing customers, especially overseas, back away from American-branded technology after documents revealed that the NSA enlisted tech firms and secretly tapped into their data hubs around the world as the agency pursued terrorism suspects. Companies such as IBM, AT&T and Verizon Communications are facing angry shareholders, some of whom have filed lawsuits demanding that the companies disclose their participation in NSA intelligence programs.The companies also pressed the need for transparency and for limits on surveillance to restore the credibility of the U.S. government. They wanted an explanation of what the NSA was doing overseas to collect their data and to be able to talk about it, said industry and U.S. officials briefed on the meeting who spoke on the condition of anonymity to discuss it freely.“Most companies” in the room pressed this point, “and they did so loudly,” said one U.S. official.Obama said that he heard their message and that the White House would consider the group’s views as it completed a review of NSA surveillance programs.Silicon Valley has been a critical driver of the economic recovery and has long represented the face of American ingenuity around the world. Many of these companies say they are still trying to assess the damage caused by Edward Snowden’s leak of NSA documents showing their work with intelligence officials.But some shareholders say Silicon Valley has been slow to recognize the reputational crisis that is developing around the world for these companies. “Verizon and AT&T are not managing this crisis effectively,” said Jonas Kron, director of shareholder advocacy at Trillium, an investment advisory firm. “Now is the time for these companies to demonstrate that they will protect user privacy.”The morning meeting at the White House, held in the Roosevelt Room, took on added import given a federal judge’s ruling Monday that the NSA’s counterterrorism program to collect Americans’ phone records appears to be unconstitutional. That, along with the outcry from Silicon Valley and civil liberties advocates, some of whom belong to Obama’s party, is increasing pressure on the administration to curb NSA surveillance efforts.The gathering was scheduled for two hours but went well over the allotted time, with the majority of the discussion focused on the companies’ demands for changes to NSA spying programs, according to tech industry officials.Several of the executives came to the meeting particularly angered over a Washington Post report in late October that revealed the NSA and its British counterpart, Government Communications Headquarters, or GCHQ, were gaining access to the data connections that link Google and Yahoo servers around the world, industry officials said. Their message was to say: “What the hell are you doing? Are you really hacking into the infrastructure of American companies overseas? The same American companies that cooperate with your lawful orders and spend a lot of money to comply with them to facilitate your intelligence collection?” said one industry official familiar with the companies’ views.The NSA has stressed that its overseas collection is carried out lawfully, under executive authority. Any data on Americans are handled according to rules that protect their privacy, including the requirement to obtain a warrant to target an American’s communications, officials say.In the meeting, the executives reiterated a list of demands that had been sent to the White House in a letter last week calling on the administration to cease bulk data collection of e-mails, online address books and other personal information; to impose limits on how easily the NSA can obtain court orders for Internet data; and to allow the companies to be more transparent about government intelligence requests.Several participants acknowledged that the White House had to balance the companies’ business concerns against national security considerations. Senior administration officials described the meeting with the 15 executives as “constructive, not at all contentious.”“This was an opportunity for the President to hear from CEOs directly as we near completion of our review of signals intelligence programs, building on the feedback we’ve received from the private sector in recent weeks and months,” the White House said in a statement.One participant suggested the president pardon Snowden. Obama said he could not do so, said one industry official. White House officials have said that Snowden is accused of leaking classified information and faces felony charges in the United States, and that he should be returned as soon as possible to the United States, “where he will be accorded full due process and protections.”Senior executives from AT&T, Yahoo, Apple, Netflix, Twitter, Google, Microsoft and Facebook were among those in attendance. “We appreciated the opportunity to share directly with the President our principles on government surveillance that we released last week and we urged him to move aggressively on reform,” the technology firms said in a joint statement after the meeting.Many of these firms have played a key role in boosting Obama’s political fortunes. Tech companies pumped nearly $7.8 million into his campaign in the last cycle, according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics.Some of the top officials meeting with the president Tuesday served as bundlers for his 2012 bid. Yahoo’s chief executive, Marissa Mayer, raised between $100,000 and $200,000, according to the center, and Shervin Pish­evar, co-founder of the Sherpa technology investment fund, raised more than $500,000. Mark Pincus, Zynga’s chief product officer and chairman, gave $1 million to Priorities Action USA, the super PAC that supported Obama.Still, some of these executives, as well as their shareholders, are fretting about the ­bottom-line impact of the NSA intelligence programs. In Cisco’s earnings report last month, executives explained that disappointing sales in emerging markets were partly tied to the NSA leaks, which may have “caused a number of customers to pause and reevaluate,” Cisco’s head of sales, Robert Lloyd, said at the time.Last week, IBM shareholders sued the company in a New York federal court, saying that it harmed investors with its secret participation in NSA programs.“IBM’s association with the NSA presented a material risk to the company’s sales and, in particular . . . sales in China that were of critical importance to investors,” the Louisiana Sheriffs’ Pension and Relief Fund said in its lawsuit. “Despite that knowledge . . . IBM misrepresented to investors that it was a market leader in the Asia-Pacific region and that IBM expected solid improvement in the sales of its hardware division.”Last month, shareholders of Verizon and AT&T demanded that the companies disclose their participation in NSA intelligence programs.The $160.7 billion New York State Common Retirement Fund filed a resolution with AT&T’s board to make public its participation in government intelligence programs. The pension fund argued that customers can too easily switch to another wireless carrier amid concerns that AT&T is sharing telephone data and other information with the government.The meeting at the White House was the second time top Silicon Valley and telecommunications leaders have convened with Obama since Snowden began to release portions of a trove of top-secret documents detailing NSA spying programs.Obama tried to keep the tenor friendly, even cracking jokes, an industry official said.At one point, he asked Netflix chief executive Reed Hastings if he brought advanced copies of the second season of “House of Cards,” a satire-drama of Washington politics, according to a pool report of the meeting.Hastings laughed and invited Obama to do a cameo appearance on the show. Obama said of the ruthless lead character, a congressman played by Kevin Spacey, “This guy’s getting a lot of stuff done.”“I wish things were that ruthlessly efficient,” Obama said, to laughter from all the tech executives. Juliet Eilperin and Matea Gold contributed to this report.Related stories: The Switch: Is Edward Snowden seeking the spotlight?  New ruling threatens the legal foundation of the NSA’s phone records program Left-wing media critic Jeff Cohen has been all over cable news as a contributor, but for a time he worked as a senior producer for MSNBC. Monday, in the wake of the NSA spying scandal, Cohen lashed out at his former employer as the “official network of the Obama White House.” This isn’t exactly news to the most of us, but MSNBC’s water carrying for Obama’s massive surveillance state apparently woke Mr. Cohen up:When it comes to issues of U.S. militarism and spying, the allegedly “progressive” MSNBC often seems closer to the “official network of the Obama White House” than anything resembling an independent channel. With a few exceptions (especially Chris Hayes [10]), MSNBC has usually reacted to expanded militarism and surveillance by downplaying the abuses or defending them.Had McCain or Romney defeated Obama and implemented the exact same policies, treating whistleblowers like Manning and Snowden as foreign espionage agents, one would expect MSNBC hosts to be loudly denouncing the Republican abuses of authority.Cohen then names names:As Snowden arrived in Russia from Hong Kong, MSNBC host Ed Schultz blustered on [12] about Snowden as a “punk” and “coward.” …MSNBC’s Melissa Harris-Perry has been condemning Snowden [14] by contrasting him with civil disobedients who “love their country” and submit to arrest – while Snowden just wants to “save his own skin [11].” …MSNBC’s Rachel Maddow has also disappointed. After doing a typically thorough presentation on the force-down of President’s Morales’ plane, she ended her report [17] by expressing displeasure only that Washington had apparently gotten allies to go out on the limb “for nothing.”For the most part, the left is perfectly okay with MSNBC being a branch of the Obama White House on every other issue. It is only on issues the left disagree with, like this spying business, that brings out the complaints. MSNBC is at least being consistent.  Follow  John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC  MediaMSNBCWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartPolitics.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart"How ironic is that? We wanted a president that listens to all Americans -- now we have one." That was Jay Leno's take on the Obama administration's expanding NSA spying scandal, which has gone beyond Verizon phone records to include Google, Facebook, Yahoo and just about all the other major tech companies except, apparently, for Twitter.The NSA spying scandal goes deep, and the Obama administration's only upside is that the furor over its poking into Americans' private business on a wholesale basis will distract people from the furor over the use of the IRS and other federal agencies to target political enemies -- and even donors to Republican causes -- and the furor over the Benghazi screwup and subsequent lies (scapegoated filmmaker Nakoula is still in jail), the furor over the "Fast And Furious" gunrunning scandal that left literally scores of Mexicans dead, the scandal over the DOJ's poking into phone records of journalists (and their parents), HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius' shakedown of companies she regulates for "donations" to pay for ObamaCare implementation that Congress has refused to fund, the Pigford scandal where the Treasury Department's "Judgment Fund" appears to have been raided for political purposes -- well, it's getting to where you need a scorecard to keep up.But, in fact, there's a common theme in all of these scandals: Abuse of power. And, what's more, that abuse-of-power theme is what makes the NSA snooping story bigger than it otherwise would be. It all comes down to trust.The justification for giving the government a lot of snooping power hangs on two key arguments: That snooping will make us safer and that the snooping power won't be abused.Has it made us safer? Anonymous government sources quoted in news reports say yes, but we know that all that snooping didn't catch the Tsarnaev brothers before they bombed the Boston Marathon -- even though they made extensive use of email and the Internet, and even though Russian security officials had warned us that they were a threat. The snooping didn't catch Major Nidal Hasan before he perpetrated the Fort Hood Massacre, though he should have been spotted easily enough. It didn't, apparently, warn us of the Benghazi attacks -- though perhaps it explains how administration flacks were able to find and scapegoat a YouTube filmmaker so quickly . But in terms of keeping us safe, the snooping doesn't look so great.As for abuse, well, is it plausible to believe that a government that would abuse the powers of the IRS to attack political enemies, go after journalists who publish unflattering material or scapegoat a filmmaker in the hopes of providing political cover to an election-season claim that al-Qaeda was finished would have any qualms about misusing the massive power of government-run snooping and Big Data? What we've seen here is a pattern of abuse. There's little reason to think that pattern will change, absent a change of administration -- and, quite possibly, not even then. Sooner or later, power granted tends to become power abused. Then there's the risk that information gathered might leak, of course, as recent events demonstrate.Most Americans generally think that politicians are untrustworthy. So why trust them with so much power? The evidence to date strongly suggests that they aren't worthy of it.Glenn Harlan Reynolds is professor of law at the University of Tennessee. He blogs atInstaPundit.com.In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including ourBoard of Contributors.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Marc Lamont Hill reacts to drone strikes and the IRS scandalPresident Obama is being accused of selectively quoting Usama bin Laden, by using a snippet of an anti-America screed to make it sound like Al Qaeda was breaking under the weight of the U.S. drone program.Obama quoted the Al Qaeda leader during his wide-ranging speech on counterterrorism policy last Thursday in Washington. As part of his argument in defense of the lethal drone program, Obama suggested bin Laden himself deemed the strikes to be effective."Don't take my word for it," Obama said. "In the intelligence gathered at bin Laden's compound, we found that he wrote, 'We could lose the reserves to enemy's airstrikes. We cannot fight airstrikes with explosives.'"It is without question that the strikes have killed key terror leaders, and have changed the way Al Qaeda and its affiliates operate. The bin Laden document Obama referenced said as much.But the document -- one of several bin Laden writings published by West Point's Combating Terrorism Center -- showed bin Laden discussing how drones strikes have changed his organization's tactics, not necessarily how they have Al Qaeda on the run.The document, which refers repeatedly to the "ummah," or Muslim population, says: "The Ummah should put forward some, but enough, forces to fight America. The Ummah must keep some of its forces on reserve. This will be in the Ummah's best interests. The Ummah will use the reserve in the future, but during the appropriate time."In the meanwhile, we do not want to send the reserves to the front line, especially in areas where the enemy only uses airstrikes to attack our forces. So, the reserves will not, for the most part, be effective in such conflicts. Basically, we could lose the reserves to enemy's airstrikes. We cannot fight air strikes with explosives!"The document goes on to say that "we still have a powerful force which we can organize and prepare for deployment."Thomas Joscelyn, a senior fellow with the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, argued that bin Laden's full quote has a far different meaning than that conveyed by the excerpt Obama cited last week."When you look at the context of the whole statement, it doesn't support their story," he told FoxNews.com.He acknowledged that the drones have killed senior terrorists, but said "it's just more complicated than that."Joscelyn wrote in The Weekly Standard: "The full quote actually supports a different argument -- that al Qaeda's 'reserves' have been removed from the drones' kill box. It is quite obvious that improvised explosive devices, car bombs, small arms and the like cannot take out unmanned drones. So, Al Qaeda has simply moved some of its forces elsewhere."Joscelyn said the "selective citation" speaks to a broader problem -- "the president and his administration only see what they want to see in the fight against Al Qaeda and affiliates groups."In his counterterrorism speech, Obama said the "core of Al Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan is on the path to defeat," while at the same time acknowledging Al Qaeda affiliates continue to threaten U.S. interests.Obama vowed to put new limits on the U.S. drone program, while defending the need for it in an unconventional war.Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham, speaking on "Fox News Sunday," accused Obama of "sounding retreat" in the address."At the end of the day, this is the most tone-deaf president I ever could imagine," he said.Other lawmakers praised Obama for taking new steps to disclose details about the U.S. drone program."I am also encouraged that the administration is taking steps to improve transparency as it pertains to the use of lethal force, particularly when it comes to the possible targeting of U.S. citizens," Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., said last week.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      WASHINGTON — A combative Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton on Wednesday fended off fierce interrogations from senators and House members in congressional hearings illuminating the brutal Sept. 11 attack on a U.S. Consulate in Libya that left a U.S. ambassador and three other Americans dead.Clinton, who testified before a Senate panel in the morning and a House panel later in the day, also promised to improve security for State Department officials in North Africa and around the world following the Sept. 11 attack in Benghazi."I take responsibility," Clinton told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. "Nobody is more committed to getting this right. I am determined to leave the State Department and our country safer, stronger and more secure."Clinton bristled at claims that the administration misled the public by initially linking the attack to a protest that spiraled out of control.Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis, said "a simple phone call" to people in Benghazi "would have established immediately" that there was no protest. "Why wasn't that known?" he asked.Clinton said State Department officials decided it was not appropriate to talk to U.S. officials in Benghazi before the FBI conducted their interviews. Pressed further on why that call wasn't made, Clinton erupted in anger."With all due respect, the fact is we had four dead Americans," she said. "Was it because of a protest or was it because of guys out for a walk one night and decided they'd go kill some Americans? What difference, at this point, does it make? It is our job to figure out what happened and do everything we can to prevent it from ever happening again, Senator."Job One, she said, is to find the killers and "bring them to justice."Clinton, in what could be her last congressional testimony before leaving her post, said the deaths were "personal" for her.She was near tears as she talked of standing next to President Obama "as the Marines carried those flag-draped caskets off the plane at Andrews (Air Force Base). I put my arms around the mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers, sons and daughters."Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., gave Clinton a warm but brief welcome before quickly pressing her on security issues at the consulate. He said when he met with U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens on July 7 — more than two months before the attack — Stevens expressed "his deep and grave concerns about security in Benghazi … and the need for additional assistance."Clinton said requests for more security never reached her desk. McCain said the administration's "preference for a 'soft footprint' was part of the reason for what took place" in Benghazi.An Independent Accountability Review Board appointed by the State Department concluded that "systemic failures" left the consulate in Benghazi inadequately protected and confirmed that no protest preceded the deadly attack. In a report released in December, the board recommended that the State Department strengthen security in high-risk posts.Clinton told the committee she has asked a deputy secretary to lead a task force to ensure that all 29 of the panels recommendations are implemented quickly and completely — and to pursue "additional steps above and beyond" those in the board's report."Benghazi did not happen in a vacuum," Clinton said. The instability brought on by the Arab Spring uprisings of 2011 has expanded the reach of extremists across North Africa, she said.The State Department for days after the Sept. 11 attack blamed it on a spontaneous protest of what it called a "reprehensible" video that denigrated Islam's prophet Mohammed, while CIA and diplomats from the scene were reporting that no protest preceded the attack.Clinton testified that on the day of the attack, before it happened, she had been at the State Department dealing with a different crisis that evolved from protests to a YouTube video that disparaged Mohammed."During most of the day, prior to getting notice of the attack on our compound in Benghazi, we were very focused on the situation around our embassy in Cairo," Clinton said. "There were attempts to scale the wall, and we were in close contact with our counterparts in Cairo."When the attack in Benghazi happened, about 4 p.m. Washington time, she called Libyan security officials "to get assistance as quickly as possible."Clinton testified she spoke to National Security Adviser Tom Donilon, then-CIA director Gen. David Petraeus, who had a compound in Benghazi, and the White House.She said U.S. officials participated in talks about what to do in a secure video conference with senior officials from the White House, the intelligence community and the Defense Department."I spoke to President Obama later in the day," she said.Sen. Jim Risch, R-Idaho, asked Clinton if she selected Susan Rice, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, to go on the Sunday talk shows where she blamed the attack on a video days after it was clear the attack was terrorism."I did not," Clinton said.Rice's television appearances five days after the attack derailed her possible nomination to replace Clinton as secretary of State. Clinton said she was too busy at the time to appear on TV herself."I was not focused on talking points," Clinton said. "I was focused on keeping our people safe. We still had people attacking our embassy in Yemen, trying to scale the walls. I had to call the president in Tunis and beg him to send reinforcements, which he did and eventually saved our embassy there."Also, the classified intelligence assessment of the Benghazi attack was still cloudy about what it was, she said."There were a variety of potential causes and triggers," Clinton said.There were some communications and coordination before the attack, but it still wasn't clear if it rose to the level of a pre-planned terrorist attack, she said.Clinton testified that her department reacted to the attack by taking immediate steps to protect personnel and postings in embassies and consulates facing large protests around the world.At the House hearing, Rep. Chris Smith, R-N.J., noted that Clinton had been "very close" to Stevens and wondered whether he had ever personally asked her to get involved."No. None of those cables ever came before me," Clinton replied."Chris Stevens, who knew more about Libya than anyone else I know in this country, didn't see a direct threat to our diplomatic facilities, and also neither did our intelligence community," Clinton said. "They did not make the connection between the deteriorating security and a direct threat on our compound."Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Fla., asked why no one was significantly disciplined, despite State Department claims that employees responsible for poor security in Benghazi would be disciplined."There has just been a shuffling of the deck chairs," Ros-Lehtinen said. "Do you find it acceptable that officials who were responsible remain employed at the State Department?"Clinton said all four individuals have been removed from their jobs and put on administrative leave."This is something I need your help with," Clinton said. The administrative review board found that, under U.S. law, "unsatisfactory leadership is not satisfactory for a breach of duty," she said. "I have put forth to the Congress and Senate to fix that problem going forward."Danielle Pletka, an analyst for the conservative think tank American Enterprise Institute, said Clinton's testimony provided more questions than answers.Clinton's assertion that she did not see cables from Stevens and his security chief asking for more security reflects "a general vibe" throughout the administration that the White House is not going to look kindly on anything that implies the country was facing a higher threat level, Pletka said.Clinton's testimony was an effort to make the hearing about the aftermath rather than about why it happened, Pletka said. "Understanding why it happened, who was responsible and what lies were told makes a huge difference," she said.Contributing: John BaconSearch, find and watch the politics that affects youPlease turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.US President Barack Obama has been urged to appear in front of the European Parliament to explain the allegations that US authorities spied on EU embassies.In a heated debate on 3 July 2013, days after new allegations of the Prism scheme surfaced, Dutch liberal MEP Sophie In 't Veld said the EU needed to secure its "moral authority"."We can no longer tolerate US laws being applied directly on EU territories - I don't want to hear the arguments of national security any more," she stated.Former CIA employee Edward Snowden leaked reports that claimed that US agencies were gathering millions of phone records and monitoring internet data, using a programme known as Prism.US director of national security, James Clapper's office said information gathered under Prism was obtained under the auspices of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa).The European United Left group has tabled a motion saying that Mr Snowden should be given asylum in the EU, with the Green group suggesting he should be given the parliament's Sakharov Prize for "freedom of thought".But British Conservative MEP Timothy Kirkhope accused the European Parliament of acting as "judge, jury and executioner, conducting a witch-hunt aimed at securing headlines rather than finding the facts".He also condemned as "shameful" calls by socialist MEPs to halt talks on developing a free trade agreement in retaliation for the spying claims.The Greek socialist MEP Dimitrios Droutsas defended demands to block the trade deal, arguing "we cannot sacrifice our principles on the altar of economics".Speaking on behalf of the European Commission, Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding said that privacy was a "non-negotiable fundamental right".She said the recent allegations highlighted the need for parliament and national governments to conclude ongoing talks on creating an EU-wide data protection law as soon as possible.Useful links:The European Parliament's disclaimer on the use of simultaneous interpretations can be found here.Read Democracy Live's guide to how the plenary sessions work here.A full speaker's list can be found here.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Senate Dems advance nomination despite alleged scandalDemocratic senators appeared to gloss over new allegations -- as well as an internal investigation -- against a Homeland Security nominee, voting Wednesday to advance his nomination over the stiff objections of Republicans.Alejandro Mayorkas, tapped for the No. 2 position at the Department of Homeland Security, and others are facing an inspector general probe over allegations they helped a company with ties to Virginia Gov.-elect Terry McAuliffe secure visas for investors. Adding to the controversy, The Washington Times reported overnight that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid reached out to Mayorkas to help speed along visas for foreign investors of a politically connected casino hotel in Las Vegas.But the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee on Wednesday voted 9-0 to advance his nomination to the full Senate -- with all Republicans sitting out and voting "present."Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Okla., top Republican on the Senate panel, called the vote "virtually without precedent." He had urged lawmakers to wait until "all the facts" are available."If we confirm Mr. Mayorkas under a cloud, we haven't helped him, we haven't helped the Department of Homeland Security," he said."I'm deeply disappointed," Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wis., said after the vote.But Democrats defended the nominee, suggesting his name was being dragged through the mud."It is discouraging to see someone with such an extraordinary record of service being held up for no apparent reason," Sen. Mary Landrieu, D-La., said.Sen. Tom Carper, D-Del., the committee chairman, called him an "exceptional candidate" and the controversy surrounding him "unfair."The nominee currently heads U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. In that role, he has come under criticism for his handling of the EB-5 program, which allows foreigners investing at least a half-million dollars in a U.S. project to seek a special visa.The Times report, citing internal government documents, claimed the Obama administration expedited visa applications for about two dozen foreign investors for a Las Vegas casino hotel after pressure from Reid and his staff.Reid, who represents Nevada, reportedly reached out to Mayorkas, setting in motion a process that ultimately granted expedited status to the investor visas for the SLS Hotel, formerly known as the Sahara Casino.One email, cited by the Times, showed a USCIS official relaying how Reid's intervention created a heated situation in the agency."This one is going to be a major headache for us all because Sen. Reid's office/staff is pushing hard and I just had a long yelling match on the phone," the official wrote in a December 2012 email.Reid's office, without denying the report, defended his actions. "Senator Reid has supported and will continue to support the SLS Las Vegas project in any way he can," the statement said. "Sen. Reid believes it is his job to do all he can to promote economic growth and development in the state, and he makes no apologies for helping to bring jobs to Nevada."The Times said the decision to overturn a prior, normally non-appealable visa decision ultimately benefited several companies whose executives have been heavy Democratic donors.Coburn, citing the ongoing IG investigation into the program itself, noted the accusations are merely "allegations," but said they could raise questions about Mayorkas' "fitness for public service."Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      The Christian Science Monitor reports that Bush, a potential GOP contender in the 2016 presidential race, is chairman of the board of trustees of the National Constitution Center located in Philadelphia.  “Former Secretary Clinton has dedicated her life to serving and engaging people across the world in democracy,” Bush said in a statement. “These efforts as a citizen, an activist, and a leader have earned Secretary Clinton this year’s Liberty Medal.” Bush’s decision to honor Clinton, who is considered by some to be a likely Democrat candidate for president in 2016, was condemned by the Independence Hall Tea Party Association of Philadelphia. According to the Christian Science Monitor, the organization released its own statement Monday, referring to the event as “extremely distressing,” and offering, instead, an opportunity for another Liberty Medal recipient. According to the statement: As all of you undoubtedly know, much of the blame for the Obama Administration’s failure to contain the Benghazi attack and the scandalous handling of its aftermath, can be traced directly to Ms. Clinton. Indeed, a Congressional investigation regarding Ms. Clinton’s role in the cover-up of the Administration’s failure is still ongoing. A newly formed organization, the Independence Hall Foundation, will hold a “What Difference Does It Make” press conference on Independence Mall, September 10, 4 PM, to denounce the selection of Ms. Clinton as the 2013 Liberty Medal recipient and to offer an alternative award (details below). During the conference, the Foundation will name its choice of recipient(s) for the 2013 Defender of Liberty Medal. Dom Giordano will headline the presser and we certainly hope you will consider joining us. A 5 PM Prayer Vigil for the victims of the Benghazi attack will immediately follow the press conference.  The National Constitution Center’s announcement, dated June 27th, about the award of the Liberty Medal to Clinton, states: As Secretary of State, Clinton advocated for “smart power” in foreign policy, elevating diplomacy and development and repositioning them for the 21st century – with new tools, technologies, and partners, including the private sector and civil society around the world. National Constitution Center president and CEO Jeffrey Rosen said, “Hillary Clinton has devoted her life to expanding opportunities for ‘We the People’ not just in this country but around the globe.”  Upon the announcement of Clinton’s award in June, Gateway Pundit’s Jim Hoft wrote, “Really Jeb, no one else came to mind?”PoliticsBenghaziIndependenceJeb Bush.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALAs President Barack Obama gets sworn in for his second term Monday, immigration activists in Chicago plan a march downtown to protest administration policies that have led to a record number of deportations.The president has pledged to make comprehensive immigration reform a priority during the next few months, and Republicans and Democrats in Congress have been meeting toward a possible deal.But that's not enough for activists in Chicago who want the administration to slow the number of deportations, which reached 410,000 for the year ending last October."President Obama cannot talk about human rights if he doesn't stop the deportation of human beings whose families are being torn apart," the Rev. Jose Landaverde, a Little Village pastor, said during a news conference last week outside the downtown offices of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.Monday's march is set to begin at 11 a.m. at the Daley Center and end with a rally at Federal Plaza.As they call for a moratorium on deportations, organizers plan to highlight a case in which 34 workers at an Elk Grove Village pallet company were arrested by federal immigration agents in November. Those workers are now in proceedings that could lead to deportation.The arrests sparked a series of small protests in recent weeks, leading to a meeting last week among ICE officials, U.S. Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Chicago, and immigration activists.ICE spokeswoman Gail Montenegro said federal agents executing a search warrant in an unrelated criminal investigation learned that the workers at Chicago Pallet Service Inc. were in the country illegally. She declined to discuss the nature of the initial investigation. Gutierrez said the probe involved money laundering.Gutierrez and immigration activists met with ICE officials in the hope of persuading them to suspend the arrested workers' cases under what is known as prosecutorial discretion.Montenegro said ICE officials agreed to consider the request "on a case-by-case basis." She added that the agency is focused on "sensible, effective enforcement" that prioritizes deporting hardened criminals and repeat offenders over less urgent cases.aolivo@tribune.comMark MardellNorth America editor@BBCMarkMardellon TwitterUS President Barack Obama says he welcomes a debate about the right balance between privacy and security. That is good, because it will rage for a long while.  I suspect many in his administration are not quite so pleased about this public airing of secrets, but there is nothing now that can put the genie back in the bottle. It is not only the raw debate that will grow. So will the argument about whether the people behind the leaks are heroes or villains.It strikes me that the revelations made by ex-CIA employee Edward Snowden are of a piece with those of US soldier Bradley Manning when he gave a vast stash of US documents to the website Wikileaks.Neither are leaks in the old sense - of a single, sensational story about a particularly scandalous operation. Instead they are, at heart, about the breadth and depth of intelligence gathering and how the internet changes spying itself. It is also about two young men who were horrified by what they saw going on and decided to expose it - in the words of my colleague, Paul Adams, "the rise of the idealistic nerd".It is probable that as the technology changed, intelligence services had to hugely increase the number of fairly low-level experts they employ. Possibly, their background checks were less rigorous than in the past. Maybe the type of person recruited was more committed to a technology that has gone hand in hand with a vaguely libertarian ethos than a commitment to national security, whatever the implications for privacy and freedom.  It is not certain how this will play for Mr Obama, but it does not look great.It is true that it runs against the right's narrative: "Obama is weak on national security."Once again, as with drones, he has shown himself to be rather ruthless with the niceties.On the other hand, it plays right in to the hands of another conservative narrative: "President Obama expands the power of the state."Given that it comes on top of the tax scandal at the Internal Revenue Service, and the raid on the Associated Press, it builds up a picture of an administration that plays fast and lose with civil liberties.This resonates with the president's own natural supporters as well, and those on the left who feel "he is just as bad as former President George W Bush". It adds to the general feeling of cynicism about politicians and suspicion of the power of the state.Q&A: Prism and privacyUS surveillance: Security leaks that shook the worldProfile: Edward SnowdenPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy2Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot3Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version6Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling7Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'8England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Keep your distance: The director of national intelligence is having intestinal distress.“For me, it is literally — not figuratively, literally — gut-wrenching to see this happen,” James Clapper told Andrea Mitchell over the weekend, referring to leaks about the government’s secret program to collect vast troves of phone and Internet data. There might be a bit more sympathy for Clapper’s digestive difficulty if he hadn’t delivered a kick in the gut to the American public just three months ago. Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) asked Clapper at a Senate hearing in March, “Does the NSA collect any type of data at all on millions or hundreds of millions of Americans?”“No, sir,” Clapper testified.“It does not?” Wyden pressed. “Not wittingly. There are cases where they could inadvertently, perhaps, collect, but not wittingly.”We now know that Clapper was not telling the truth. The National Security Agency is quite wittingly collecting phone records of millions of Americans, and much more. As the administration and some in Congress vent their anger about leaks to The Post and to Britain’s Guardian newspaper, officials have only themselves to blame. It is precisely their effort to hide such a vast and consequential program from the American public that caused this pressure valve to burst. Instead of allowing a democratic debate about the programs in broad terms that would not have compromised national security, their attempts to keep the public in the dark have created a backlash in which the risks to national security can’t be controlled. Edward Snowden, the leaker, did the honorable thing in revealing his identity; it would be more honorable if he would turn himself in and face the consequences for his law-breaking. But there is little honor in the way administration officials and lawmakers have avoided responsibility. Obama administration officials are blaming Snowden, while some lawmakers complain disingenuously that the administration kept them out of the loop.“All of us are sort of asking what in the world has gone on,” a seemingly bewildered Eric Cantor (R-Va.), the House majority leader, alleged Monday on CBS’s “This Morning.” Host Norah O’Donnell asked whether he had known about the program before the leaks. “Well,” Cantor replied, “there are a variety of — of classified programs that exist for us to, again, guard against a terrorist threat. And . . . ”Asked whether the Obama administration’s surveillance went further than the George W. Bush administration’s, Cantor said that “these are questions we don’t know the answers to.” “How do you not know the answer?” O’Donnell asked. Good question. All 535 members of Congress had authorization to learn all about the programs. Senators even received a written invitation in 2011 to view a classified report. Likewise, Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.), a former chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, said Monday that members “could have gotten a briefing whenever they wanted to.” But apparently few bothered. Worse, lawmakers quashed efforts to allow even modest public disclosure of the broad contours of the program. Steven Aftergood, who runs the Federation of American Scientists’ Project on Government Secrecy, lists the various ways in which the administration, Congress and the courts denied the public any right to know: The Justice Department and the DNI promised a new effort to declassify opinions issued by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court; Justice official Lisa Monaco, now Obama’s counterterrorism director, said all significant FISA rulings would be reviewed for declassification. But no new opinions were declassified under the initiative. The House last year turned back attempts to require public reports on the general outlines of the government’s surveillance programs. The various disclosure proposals, offered by Democratic Reps. Bobby Scott (Va.), Jerrold Nadler (N.Y.) and Sheila Jackson Lee (Tex.), were defeated by the Judiciary Committee. In the Senate, amendments to provide modest disclosures and declassifications, offered by Wyden and fellow Democratic Sens. Jeff Merkley (Ore.) and Mark Udall (Colo.) during the FISA renewal in December, were all defeated. The FISA court itself colluded in the secrecy. After senators asked the court to provide declassified summaries of its decisions, the chief FISA judge, Reggie B. Walton, responded with a letter on March 27 citing “serious obstacles” to the request. “It was a shoddy performance all around,” Aftergood said Monday. “The pervasive secrecy on this topic created an information vacuum. If congressional oversight was not going to fill it in, it turned out leaks would. That’s not the optimal solution.”Not optimal, but probably inevitable. Officials who denied the public a responsible debate on surveillance will now have a debate on Snowden’s terms — and there’s no use in bellyaching about it. Twitter: @Milbank  Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.  Read more:  Marc Thiessen: No, Big Brother isn’t watching you  Greg Sargent: A better ‘balance’ of security and liberty  Rubin: Is NSA data mining Obama’s Katrina? We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate overwhelmingly confirmed President Barack Obama's choice of five-term Sen. John Kerry to be secretary of state, with Republicans and Democrats praising him as the ideal successor to Hillary Rodham Clinton.The vote Tuesday was 94-3. One senator — Kerry — voted present and accepted congratulations from colleagues on the Senate floor. The roll call came just hours after the Senate Foreign Relations Committee unanimously approved the man who has led the panel for the past four years.No date has been set for Kerry's swearing-in, but in a letter to Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick, Kerry says his resignation is effective at 4 p.m. Friday. The State Departments plans a welcoming ceremony for Kerry on Monday.Obama tapped Kerry, 69, the son of a diplomat, decorated Vietnam veteran and 2004 Democratic presidential candidate, to succeed Clinton, who is stepping down after four years. The Massachusetts Democrat, who had pined for the job but was passed over in 2009, has served as Obama's unofficial envoy, smoothing fractious ties with Afghanistan and Pakistan."Sen. Kerry will need no introduction to the world's political and military leaders and will begin Day One fully conversant not only with the intricacies of U.S. foreign policy, but able to act on a multitude of international stages," said Sen. Bob Menendez, D-N.J., who will succeed Kerry as committee chairman.Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee, the panel's top Republican, called Kerry "a realist" who will deal with unrest in Egypt, civil war in Syria, the threat of al-Qaida-linked groups in Africa and Iran's pursuit of nuclear weapons.Kerry, a forceful proponent of climate change legislation, also will have a say in whether the United States moves ahead on the Keystone XL pipeline from Canada, a divisive issue that has roiled environmentalists.Obama had nominated Kerry after Susan Rice, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, removed her name from consideration following criticism from Republicans over her initial comments about the attacks on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi, Libya.Voting against Kerry were three Republicans — Jim Inhofe of Oklahoma and John Cornyn and Ted Cruz of Texas. Absent from the vote were Sens. Patty Murray, D-Wash., and John Hoeven, R-N.D."Sen. Kerry has a long history of liberal positions that are not consistent with a majority of Texans," Cornyn said in a statement. The senator is up for re-election next year and could face a tea party challenge.Kerry's smooth path to the nation's top diplomatic job stands in stark contrast to the harsher treatment for Obama's other national security nominees — Chuck Hagel to be defense secretary and John Brennan to be CIA director.Hagel, the former two-term Republican senator from Nebraska, faces strong opposition from some of his onetime GOP colleagues who question his support for reductions in the nuclear arsenal and cuts in defense spending. Lawmakers also have questioned whether he is sufficiently supportive of Israel and strongly opposed to any outreach to Iran.Democrats have rallied for Hagel, and he has the announced support of at least a dozen members in advance of his confirmation hearing on Thursday. Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi will support Hagel, a spokesman said Tuesday, making him the first Republican to signal he will vote for the nomination.Six Republicans have said they would vote against him, with some opposing Obama's choice even before the president's announcement.Brennan faces questions from the GOP about White House leaks of classified information and from Democrats about the administration's use of drones.Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., threatened to block the nomination of both men until he gets more answers from the Obama administration about the assault on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Libya that killed Ambassador Chris Stevens and three other Americans.Graham, who earlier this month signaled he would delay Brennan's pick, said in an interview Monday night with Fox News' "On the Record" the he would "absolutely" block Hagel unless Defense Secretary Leon Panetta testifies about the attack in Benghazi, Libya.Clinton testified for more than five hours last Wednesday before the House and Senate, but that wasn't sufficient for Graham."Hillary Clinton got away with murder, in my view," he said. "She said they had a clear-eyed view of the threats. How could you have a clear-eyed of the threats in Benghazi when you didn't know about the ambassador's cable coming back from Libya?"Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin, D-Mich., told reporters Tuesday that a hearing with Panetta on Libya is planned though the date is uncertain. Graham welcomed that news and said he would not thwart a committee vote on the nomination."Happy as a clam. News to me," said Graham, who met with Hagel for 20 minutes on Tuesday.Pentagon spokesman George Little said Panetta had not responded yet to the request but that the department has been forthcoming with information. He insisted that the Hagel confirmation process move as quickly as possible.Two former chairmen of the committee — Democrat Sam Nunn of Georgia and Republican John Warner of Virginia — plan to introduce Hagel, according to officials close to the confirmation process. They spoke on condition of anonymity because the committee has not formally made an announcement.As a White House emissary, Kerry has tamped down diplomatic fires for Obama. He also has stepped ahead of the administration on a handful of crises. He joined Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., as an early proponent of a more aggressive policy toward Libya, pushing for using military forces to impose a "no-fly zone" over Libya as Moammar Gadhafi's forces killed rebels and other citizens. He was one of the early voices calling for Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to step down as revolution roiled the nation two years ago.During his tenure, Kerry has pushed for reducing the number of nuclear weapons, shepherding a U.S.-Russia treaty through the Senate in December 2010, and has cast climate change as a national security threat, joining forces with Republicans on legislation that faced too many obstacles to win congressional passage.He has led delegations to Syria and met a few times with President Bashar Assad, now a pariah in U.S. eyes after months of civil war and bloodshed as the government looks to put down a people's rebellion. Figuring out an end-game for the Middle East country would demand all of Kerry's skills.The selection of Kerry closes a political circle with Obama. In 2004, it was White House hopeful Kerry who asked a largely unknown Illinois state senator to deliver the keynote address at the Democratic convention in Boston, handing the national stage to Obama. Kerry lost that election to President George W. Bush. Four years later, Obama was the White House hopeful who succeeded where Kerry had failed.___Follow Donna Cassata on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/DonnaCassataAPA fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Major League Baseball pulled its All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia’s voting law that opponents say would suppress minority voters.He capped off the performance with a duet with Katharine McPhee.Adam Scott will take listeners inside the ropes at Augusta National with his new podcast, "Fairgame."Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThe following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Chadwick Boseman's performance in his final film, Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, earned him a posthumous best actor in a lead role statuette during Sunday night's 27th Screen Actors Guild Awards. Boseman, who died of cancer last August, made history when he became the first actor to ever earn four SAG Award nominations in one year for movies, thanks to his work in Ma Rainey's Black Bottom and Da 5 Bloods. In February, Boseman was posthumously awarded the best actor in a drama Golden Globe for Ma Rainey's Black Bottom. While accepting the award, his widow, Simone Ledward Boseman, thanked the cast and crew of Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, and quoted her husband, saying, "If you see the world unbalanced, be a crusader that pushes heavily on the seesaw of the mind." This year's ceremony was held virtually, with the pre-recorded program lasting just one hour. The night's other winners include Ma Rainey's Black Bottom's Viola Davis, best female actor in a leading role; Judas and the Black Messiah's Daniel Kaluuya, best male actor in a supporting role; and Minari's Yuh-Jung Youn, best female actress in a supporting role. The Crown won best ensemble for a drama series, Schitt's Creek was named best ensemble for a comedy series, and Netflix's The Trial of the Chicago 7 received the outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture award, becoming the first film from a streaming service to earn the honor. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.SAN DIEGO (AP) — Maureen O'Connor was a physical education teacher who won a seat on the San Diego City Council when she was only 25 years old, later winning two terms as the city's first female mayor as she charmed voters with a populist flair.But her rapid rise was matched by her fall, culminating Thursday when she acknowledged in federal court that she took $2.1 million from her late husband's charitable foundation during a decade-long gambling spree in which she won — and lost — more than $1 billion.O'Connor pleaded not guilty to a money laundering charge in an agreement with the Justice Department that defers prosecution for two years while she tries to repay the foundation and receives treatment for gambling.O'Connor, 66, once had a personal fortune that her attorney estimated between $40 million and $50 million, inherited from her husband of 17 years, Robert O. Peterson, founder of the Jack in the Box Inc. fast-food chain. She is now virtually broke, living with a sister.O'Connor walked across the courtroom with a cane, appearing frail and struggling to maintain composure at one point as her attorney wrapped his arm around her shoulder and placed his hand on her head.At a news conference, she said she always intended to repay the foundation and appeared to blame her behavior on a brain tumor that was diagnosed in 2011."There are two Maureens — Maureen No. 1 and Maureen No. 2," said O'Connor, who declined to take questions. "Maureen No. 2 is the Maureen who did not know she had a tumor growing in her brain."O'Connor's game of choice was video poker at casinos in San Diego, Las Vegas and Atlantic City, N.J. Her attorney, Eugene Iredale, said she played for hours at a time.She won about $1 billion from 2000 to 2009, according to winnings that casinos reported to the Internal Revenue Service, but lost even more. Iredale said her net gambling losses topped $13 million.News of O'Connor's gambling troubles and financial ruin elicited sympathy in her hometown. Magistrate Judge David Bartick told her that she left "a very strong legacy in the city of San Diego."The U.S. attorney's office said O'Connor's medical condition influenced the decision to strike a deal, saying it may have been impossible to bring the case to trial. The tumor was removed but doctors submitted letters detailing significant ailments."Maureen O'Connor was a selfless public official who contributed much to the well-being of San Diego," said U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy. "However, no figure, regardless of how much good they've done or how much they've given to charity, can escape criminal liability with impunity."O'Connor, the eighth of 13 children whose father was a boxer and nightclub owner and mother was a registered nurse, was elected to the City Council three years after graduating from San Diego State University. She was mayor from 1986 to 1992, San Diego's only Democratic leader over a four-decade span. She promoted community policing, championed the arts and oversaw completion of a downtown convention center.O'Connor began gambling around 2001 as she struggled with pain and loneliness from the death of her husband from leukemia in 1994 and the passing of several close friends, said Iredale, who called it "grief gambling" in a court filing. Within four years, she was betting heavily.O'Connor acknowledged taking $2.1 million from the R.P. Foundation between September 2008 and March 2009 to pay gambling debts, wager more and cover living costs. She was one of three trustees of the foundation, a nonprofit organization that supported the Alzheimer's Association, City of Hope, San Diego Hospice and other charities.Her annual gambling winnings peaked at more than $200 million, said Phillip Halpern, an assistant U.S. attorney. Prosecutors said they didn't know exactly how much she lost but that she also borrowed money from friends and sold property to gamble.O'Connor sold a home in tony La Jolla for $2.5 million in 2010 that is down the street from former Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney.She also sold the Heritage House Hotel in the Northern California coastal town of Mendocino for $7.5 million in 2005 to investors who defaulted, Iredale said. She sued and plans to turn over any damages to repay the foundation.The Liberal Democrats are in a "critical state" and should not assume "survival is guaranteed", the party's president, Tim Farron, has said.He likened the party to a cockroach for its ability to survive but said this should not be taken for granted.Mr Farron said "99%" of people "don't care" about sexual harassment claims against the party's peer Lord Rennard.But he said the Lib Dems "certainly appear to have let people down" over the handling of the allegations.Lord Rennard, former Lib Dem chief executive, denies the allegations.Mr Farron, who was speaking in an interview with the House Magazine, said: "The party is in a critical state. We may well be cockroach-ish, but we shouldn't take that for granted. One day someone will stand on us if we are not careful. We shouldn't assume our survival is guaranteed."He stood by his previous remarks that the party had "screwed up" over the Lord Rennard matter, but he said it was crucial the party did not now go into "institutional self-defence mode"."I think 99% of the people out there just don't care, it's not been raised. I've done a lot of door-knocking both in Eastleigh and in my patch this last week. It was mentioned to me once, and that was in sympathy," the Westmorland and Lonsdale MP said.Mr Farron praised Nick Clegg as a good leader and said he was "very popular" within the party."Nobody else has had to withstand the kind of pressure that he has and the scrutiny and whoever was in that position would have to be dealing with all that and I think he's dealt with it brilliantly," he said, but added: "I think there are a lot of twists and turns to go."Mr Farron took a swipe at his Conservative coalition colleagues, branding David Cameron "very weak" and suggesting there were at least three Lib Dem candidates who could "do a better job" than George Osborne as chancellor.Referring to Mr Cameron, he said: "There was a moment where he could have become a properly coalition, liberal Conservative centre-right prime minister and quite a statesman and quite a unifying prime minister, but for a variety of reasons he's become a very weak prime minister and in the grasp of his right, not even the intelligent right actually."Mr Farron denied he wanted to replace Mr Clegg as party leader saying he was "not at all" focused on the leadership as "there are more important things in life".He told the magazine the only way to become a Lib Dem MP was by "being a nutter and working your socks off".Lib Dems win Eastleigh by-electionHuhne admits speeding points liePolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy2Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot3Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version6Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling7Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'8England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsWhen President Obama was reelected to his second term in November 2012, his supporters were vocal about wanting a larger, more activist government. Seven months later, it’s fair to say those who don’t want to see the government reach further into our lives — or for that matter, don’t want much of anything to happen in Washington and who are usually identified as belonging to the Republican Party — are stronger today than they were on Inauguration Day in 2013.For much to happen in Washington, there needs to be a majority, or at least a large plurality of voters, who trust the notion that Washington activism will have a positive effect.  The current scandals, combined with President Obama’s lethargy and lack of planning, have driven trust in government to a recent new low. This strengthens the hand of those who don’t want anything to pass in Congress. An AP/GFK poll from April 2013 shows that only 21 percent of Americans “trust the government in Washington to do what’s right” either “just about always” or “most” of the time. Senator Marco Rubio recognizes this now-pervasive sentiment, referring to “the lack of trust in the federal government, and in particular, in this administration” when discussing border security concerns in the immigration reform bill.Ironically, it’s entirely possible that sequestration will end up being the most consequential piece of legislation that passes in President Obama’s second term. Neither side really wanted it to go into effect, and since the consequences are mostly passing unnoticed, it’s unlikely that it will be substantially amended.The president has lost any kind of momentum he may have had coming into his second term, and with his administration on the rocks, it doesn’t seem likely that he will gain any traction in the coming months. My friend and former Clinton Administration official Doug Sosnik hit the nail on the head when he said, “There’s not a single member of either party who fears paying a political price for not falling in line with the president, making it even more difficult to get members to cast difficult votes.”The growing lack of trust between the governed and the government confirms the beliefs — or at least the suspicions — of many conservative members of the House Republican caucus. They have no reason to bend to the will of Obama and his allies. Obama got his tax increase and House Republicans don’t believe that they’ll benefit from any further capitulation. Some Republican members see compromise as an abandonment of their principles in allowing some harm to the public good to be done. I don’t see what is going to happen to change this equation. And with the growing lack of trust in government, I also don’t see Obama being effective by trying to rule by executive order. With so few people trusting in government, attempting to govern by fiat could only serve to alienate voters the Democrats need in 2014.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Gloria Borger: How could the President not have known of the Obamacare website flaws?She says Obama prefers a "no-drama" White House in which people stay in their lanesStaffers are not encouraged to bring the President bad news, she saysBorger: There was no rollout czar for Obamacare; everyone stayed in their silo
  As the story of the Obamacare website fiasco unfolds, senior administration aides tell me that the President is “mad, frustrated and angry.” 

  Mad that his signature legislative achievement is stuck at the gate, frustrated that he’s running out of time to fix it and angry that he’s got a second-term agenda now going nowhere. He’s so furious, in fact, that he stepped out of character to vent to an assembled group of top aides, saying he would have delayed the website if he had known it was a mess.

  By Thursday, the president was venting publicly. “Had I been informed, I wouldn’t be going out saying, boy, this is going to be great. You know, I’m accused of a lot of things, but I don’t think I’m stupid enough to go around saying, this is going to be like shopping on Amazon or Travelocity, a week before the website opens, if I thought that it wasn’t going to work.”

  All of which begs the real question: How could he not have known?

  It’s a real head-scratcher. Most powerful man in the world. Most important issue. Most politically explosive, particularly coming on the heels of the government shutdown. Consider the context: Republicans had just tried to defund Obamacare, and they lost in a heap of public humiliation. So the rollout of Obamacare had to be really impressive, because the Republicans had to be proven wrong.

  And yet, as the dry runs continued to produce red flags – over and over – the President remained in his steely cocoon. If this were the presidency of George W. Bush or Ronald Reagan, the obvious theories would abound: The chief executive is disengaged. Or incurious. Or worse. But since Obama is none of the above, what gives?

  This much is clear, after speaking with both past and present senior administration officials: No one was really in charge, so no one knew for sure how bad the overall picture was. What’s more, and – perhaps most telling – no one wanted even to hint to the President that this techno-savvy administration possibly had a website stuck in, say, 1995. “People don’t like to tell him bad news,” says an ex-White House staffer. “Part of it is the no-drama culture.”

  Oh, that. The infamous no-drama Obama credo: no panic, no drama. “No drama is attractive to people, except there are times when people actually should light their hair on fire,” says one former senior administration official. “That would have been a very good thing.”

  Indeed. People who have served in top jobs at the White House seem to agree on one thing: a President who wants to get at the truth has to understand the extent of his own isolation. And then establish a zone of immunity for truth-tellers.

  That, of course, presumes that the top staff inside the White House knew the full truth. And that probably wasn’t the case. Again, you ask, how can that be? Answer: The operation resembled the proverbial blind men and the elephant parable: Everyone seemed to touch a part of it, but no one could really see the whole picture, or disaster coming right at them.

  “It’s not that someone had an envelope with a note in it saying here comes the second-term crisis,” an ex-top White House staffer says. “They were thinking there were some bugs, they would be fixed; these are smart people.”

  They may be smart, but it appears they had no singular leader. No rollout czar. They had health care wonks and tech wonks and political wonks and even a presidential wonk, but no put-it-all-together-and-make-sure-it-all-works wonks. 

  And maybe, no truth-telling wonks, who would have warned the president that it was a no-no to promise that people could keep their health care policies.   

  Everyone, it seems, lived in his own silo. And that’s where they stayed.

  This is a President, says one admirer, “who likes everyone to stay in his lane.” Which begs the question: Whose lane was it to say the website wasn’t working? The probability is that the information filtered to a bunch of different people in a bunch of different lanes.

  Sure, the stay-in-your-lane theory of operation is important to a well-run White House, but here’s the flip side if it’s implemented too literally: If you hear something outside your purview that is bad, you may not want to report it higher. Why? “Everyone thinks if it isn’t in my lane, and I talk about it, I’m being a tattletale,” says one ex-administration official. “That would be discouraged as bad behavior in this current White House.” (An exception, some point out, ex-chief of staff Rahm Emanuel, who “encouraged people to contradict each other.” To put it mildly, Rahm was pro-drama.)

  Which brings us to the President, who isn’t. And if you aren’t 100% sure that the website is a mess – because no one is actually in charge to tell the White House with any certainty – what is there to bring to the President? Reports of some bad tests? Bugs? Fixes that are being made? 

  “Nobody is trying to create drama, angst and anxiety,” says an ex-White House official. “And it’s hard to go in there and say, ‘Well, I don’t think this is going to work.’ ” 

  So, the irony. All the effort to spare the drama created a huge theatrical mess all of its own. The reviews are lousy, and now the unhappy leading man is stewing, centerstage.  

  Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.

  Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion. 

  The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gloria Borger.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.WASHINGTON (AP) — The Senate Republican leader, who last year accused the Obama administration of Nixon-style dirty tricks, said Friday the Internal Revenue Service's targeting of conservative groups is part of a broader government assault on free speech.Sen. Mitch McConnell of Kentucky seized on the spate of controversies besetting the White House, saying Americans are recognizing a pattern of attack on First Amendment rights across government agencies, the administration, President Barack Obama's congressional allies, left-wing groups and public employee unions."As serious as the IRS scandal is, what we're dealing with here is larger than the actions of one agency or any group of employees," McConnell, who is up for re-election next year, said in a speech to the conservative American Enterprise Institute. "This administration has institutionalized the practice of pitting bureaucrats against the very people they're supposed to be serving, and it needs to stop."White House spokesman Jay Carney said the charge leveled by McConnell was "demonstrably bogus.""As I'm sure the minority leader in the Senate is aware, the independent inspector general has testified and has made clear in his report that he has found no evidence that anyone outside of the IRS had any involvement in the inappropriate targeting of conservative groups applying for tax-exempt status," Carney said.Speaking to the same organization last year, McConnell accused the administration and Obama's re-election campaign of leaking tax information and maintaining an enemies list in a chilling style reminiscent of President Richard Nixon, the Republican who resigned in 1974 amid the Watergate scandal. McConnell's criticism was largely dismissed as election-year hyperbole.In the first six months of Obama's second term, the administration's problems have produced an assortment of political targets for Republicans. One is the IRS affair, which has resulted in resignations and departures from the agency. So far, no evidence has come to light that anyone in the Obama administration outside the IRS was involved in targeting conservative groups for extra scrutiny when they applied for tax-exempt status.Other issues facing the Obama administration this year include government surveillance of phone and Internet records; its handling of last year's terrorist attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, which killed four Americans; the Justice Department's seizure of phone records of journalists at The Associated Press and, in another case, reading the emails of Fox News reporter James Rosen.McConnell referred to the IRS episode with a bit of I-told-you-so."When I warned about all this last year, I got slammed by the usual suspects on the left. They said I was full of it," he said. "But even some of them now seem to realize that just because McConnell is the one pulling the alarm doesn't mean there isn't a fire. The IRS scandal has reminded people of the temptations to abuse that big government, and its political patrons, are prone to. People are waking up to a pattern here."In comments certain to appeal to Republican voters, McConnell described public sector unions as power hungry and able to expand their reach with the help of congressional friends. He said the unions no longer serve the public's interest but rather serve the government's."There's no better illustration of this than the announcement this week that in the midst of congressional hearings into their activities, unionized employees at the IRS are about to get $70 million in bonuses," McConnell complained.Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, said earlier this week that the IRS plans to hand out $70 million in bonuses to employees. Under a contract with the employees' union, IRS workers can receive individual performance bonuses of up to $3,500 a year.In response to Grassley's criticism, the agency said it's under a legal obligation to comply with its collective bargaining agreement with the National Treasury Employees Union. The agency and the union say they are in negotiations over the matter.____Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report.____Follow Donna Cassata at https://twitter.com/DonnaCassataAPA fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Major League Baseball pulled its All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia’s voting law that opponents say would suppress minority voters.He capped off the performance with a duet with Katharine McPhee.Adam Scott will take listeners inside the ropes at Augusta National with his new podcast, "Fairgame."Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThe following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Chadwick Boseman's performance in his final film, Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, earned him a posthumous best actor in a lead role statuette during Sunday night's 27th Screen Actors Guild Awards. Boseman, who died of cancer last August, made history when he became the first actor to ever earn four SAG Award nominations in one year for movies, thanks to his work in Ma Rainey's Black Bottom and Da 5 Bloods. In February, Boseman was posthumously awarded the best actor in a drama Golden Globe for Ma Rainey's Black Bottom. While accepting the award, his widow, Simone Ledward Boseman, thanked the cast and crew of Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, and quoted her husband, saying, "If you see the world unbalanced, be a crusader that pushes heavily on the seesaw of the mind." This year's ceremony was held virtually, with the pre-recorded program lasting just one hour. The night's other winners include Ma Rainey's Black Bottom's Viola Davis, best female actor in a leading role; Judas and the Black Messiah's Daniel Kaluuya, best male actor in a supporting role; and Minari's Yuh-Jung Youn, best female actress in a supporting role. The Crown won best ensemble for a drama series, Schitt's Creek was named best ensemble for a comedy series, and Netflix's The Trial of the Chicago 7 received the outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture award, becoming the first film from a streaming service to earn the honor. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.Fourth Amendment to the United States ConstitutionTesting welfare recipients violates that principle because the government is searching a person without knowledge that the person is in fact taking drugs. The common saying is that it would be a "fishing expedition". Courts tend to frown on fishing expeditions.Even police at traffic stops for drug interdiction have to ask the driver for permission to search their vehicle and only if they refuse do they bring a dog in to sniff the outside of the car. If the dog gets a hit then the police have probable cause to search the car.As the ACLU states concerning drug testing for welfare recipients:In halting the implementation of Michigan's drug testing law, U.S. District Court Judge Victoria Roberts ruled that the state's rationale for testing welfare recipients "could be used for testing the parents of all children who received Medicaid, State Emergency Relief, educational grants or loans, public education or any other benefit from that State."[18] Indeed, any of the justifications put forth to subject welfare recipients to random drug testing would also by logical extension apply to the entirety of our population that receives some public benefit and/or that is a parent. It is clear that our constitution – and common sense – would object to the random drug testing of this large group of people, making the drug testing of an equally absurd category of people – welfare recipients – unconstitutional as well.Drug Testing of Public Assistance Recipients as a Condition of EligibilityThe ACLU also is opposed to pre-employment drug testing, but sometimes people forget our Bill of Rights don't always apply to private businesses.Note again that constitutional guarantees like the Fourth Amendment apply to governmental action. Your employer or any private enterprise is not bound by constitutional limits. For example, if drug testing of all employees every week is done by government agency, the employees may have a cause of action to object based on the Fourth Amendment. However, if a private employer begins the same kind of routine drug testing, employees have no constitutional arguments to make; they can simply leave that employer, or they may pursue whatever statutory or common-law remedies are available.Introduction to the Law of Property, Estate Planning, and Insurance (4.5 Business and the Bill of Rights)I haven't even addressed the fact that drug testing of poor people is both a waste of tax dollars and only catches a insignificant number of drug users.    "there is nothing inherent to the condition of being impoverished that supports the conclusion that there is a `concrete danger' that impoverished individuals are prone to drug use."The Tampa Tribune investigated the results of those July 2011 drug tests and found that "96 percent proved to be drug free", another 2 percent never bothering to complete the lengthy application process, and 2 percent actually failing drug testing. At an average cost of $30 per test, the state was hemorrhaging tax dollars at a rate of "$28,800-$43,200 monthly"... FAR out pacing the supposed "savings" from preventing drug-abusers from gaming the system to buy drugs.Texas Senate Unanimously Votes to Drug Test Welfare Applicants        The average cost of a drug test is about $42 per person tested,[8] not including the costs of hiring personnel to administer the tests, to ensure confidentiality of results and to run confirmatory tests to guard against false positives resulting from passive drug exposure, cross-identification with legal, prescription drugs such as codeine and legal substances such as poppy seeds.
        Another way to measure the cost is by counting what it costs to "catch" each drug user. Drug testing is not used by many private employers because of the exorbitant cost of catching each person who tests positive. One electronics manufacturer, for example, estimated that the cost of finding each person who tested positive was $20,000, since after testing 10,000 employees, only 49 tested positive. A congressional committee also estimated that the cost of each positive drug test of government employees was $77,000, because the positive rate was only 0.5%.[9]Mandatory drug testing is an ineffective means to uncover drug abuse.        An Oklahoma study found that a questionnaire was able to accurately detect 94 out of 100 drug abusers. The questionnaire was also useful in detecting alcohol abusers, something drug tests fail to accomplish.[10]
        Certain counties in Oregon experimented with drug testing on some welfare recipients, but the process was halted when it was found that drug testing was less effective in identifying drug abuse than less invasive, cheaper methods.[11]
        Most types of drug tests fail to detect alcohol abuse – the most commonly abused substance among Americans – and are most likely to detect marijuana use since the active ingredient in marijuana stays in the body's system longer than any other illicit substance. Therefore, drug tests often fail to identify people who are using more powerful, more addictive and more dangerous drugs like methamphetamine or cocaine, which exit the body's system in a matter of hours or days.[12]Many states have rejected the random drug testing of welfare recipients as impractical and fiscally unjustifiable.        For example, New York and Maryland each considered a program to randomly drug test those receiving welfare, but abandoned the plan as not cost-effective, given that urinalysis is almost exclusively a barometer of marijuana use and that welfare recipients are required to undergo regular supervision, allowing for effective monitoring absent the cost and intrusion of mandatory drug testing.[13]
        Louisiana passed a law in 1997 requiring drug testing for welfare recipients. However, a task force set up to implement the law found more limited drug testing of individuals identified by a questionnaire to be more cost-effective than mandatory drug testing.[14]
        Alabama decided against drug testing because it found that focusing on job training programs was a more effective method of moving individuals off of welfare.[15]Drug Testing of Public Assistance Recipients as a Condition of Eligibility"It is time that we recognize that many families are trying to survive in drug-induced poverty, and we have an obligation to make sure taxpayer money is not being used to support drug dealers," Schaffer said. "We can no longer turn a blind eye to this problem."The proposal comes as Ohio's public welfare rolls are at their lowest levels in decades. As of June, slightly fewer than 25,000 adults received cash assistance. Children, who make up the bulk of recipients, about 107,000, would be exempt from drug testing under Schaffer's proposal.Schaffer, R-Lancaster, said he hopes to avoid similar lawsuits by requiring applicants to be tested only if they indicate on a questionnaire that they have used drugs in the past six months. Michigan's drug-testing law, he said, was found unconstitutional because it required all applicants to undergo screenings regardless of whether there was reason to believe they were using illegal drugs.Drug tests for welfare pushed Originally published on Doug's ViewsThe illuminated billboard in the Judiciary Square Metro station near the F Street entrance was strategically placed.Prospective jurors who take the subway to D.C. Superior Court and exit near the National Building Museum see these words: “Good jurors nullify bad laws” and “You have the right to ‘hang’ the jury with your vote if you cannot agree with other jurors.”Since the billboard went up this month, District prosecutors have been worried that the message could sway their cases. In the past week alone, they have asked judges in three ­cases to ensure that jurors had neither seen nor been influenced by the billboard.The billboard is part of a growing national campaign to encourage jurors who disagree with a law, or think a punishment is too harsh, to vote for acquittal. Kirsten Tynan of the Montana-based Fully Informed Jury Association, whose name and Web address is included on the billboard, said the nonprofit group generally challenges crimes it calls “victimless,” such as vandalism by graffiti or gun possession.James Babb, a Philadelphia-based graphics artist who organized a fundraising campaign to put up the billboard, said he raised $3,000 in about a week through Facebook and other ­social-media sites. He said he is concerned about laws that he thinks are too restrictive.“People are going to jail for weed,” Babb said. “Things are getting so weird. There needs to be this final safeguard to protect us from a tyrannical government.”Babb’s group has added a similar message on two pillars in Archives station, another Metro stop near the courthouse. Both displays are scheduled to be up for about a month. Babb said he also plans to place signs in other cities, including Chicago and Los Angeles.Supporters of jury nullification in several cities have raised the ire of judges and prosecutors. In New York last year, an 80-year-old man was charged with jury tampering after passing out fliers about jury nullification to courthouse visitors; the case was later dismissed by a federal judge.Locally, prosecutors have been scrambling to ensure that the billboard’s message doesn’t influence their ­cases. In a gang-related murder trial set to begin this week, prosecutors filed a motion asking the judge to question potential jurors about whether they had seen the billboard. They also requested that the judge remind jurors that their verdict should not be influenced by whether they agree or disagree with the law.In their memo, prosecutors Todd Gee and Emily Miller wrote that jurors who see the billboard may think “they don’t have to abide by an oath” and that it could encourage them “to hang and to learn about the concept of jury nullification.”In another recent murder case, the jury had already been sworn in and the trial was underway when prosecutors alerted Superior Court Judge Herbert Dixon to the billboard. Dixon, according to people familiar with the case, then asked the jurors if they had seen the billboard. No one said they had.Days later, the jury found the defendant, Grant Johnson, 39, of Bladensburg, Md., guilty of first-degree murder in the slaying of 32-year-old Ricardo Lancaster during a drug deal in 2012, prosecutors said.And in a trial involving an assault with a deadly weapon, Assistant U.S. Attorney Brittain Shaw asked the judge to question potential jurors about the billboard. Days later, the jury found the defendant, Charles Link, 53, guilty in a knife attack in November that left one man injured.The billboard also comes as Adam Kokesh, a Fairfax County-based gun rights activist, is preparing to go to trial after posting an Independence Day video on YouTube of himself apparently loading a shotgun in Freedom Plaza. He had been scheduled to go to trial Thursday, but the case was pushed back to at least Nov. 18.Kokesh’s supporters have advocated for jury nullification in his case.Tynan said the Metro billboard was not directly aimed at the Kokesh, who pleaded not guilty to carrying a pistol without a license, but she said that his case was the kind her organization targeted. “It’s a victimless trial,” Tynan said.A spokesman for the U.S. attorney’s office said there has been no organized effort by prosecutors to address the billboard, but instead prosecutors have raised the issue on a case-by-case basis.“Jurors in the District of Columbia play an important role in holding accountable the criminals who threaten and harm the people who live, work and visit our city,” U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr. said in a statement. But he added, “Jurors who ignore the law or refuse to follow the judge’s instructions embolden criminals who believe that they can get away with breaking the law and do harm to the community without any repercussion.”Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsOn Apr. 28, Breitbart News broke the story of Pentagon brass meeting with anti-Christian activist Mikey Weinstein to discuss religious-liberty policies. Quoting Weinstein in his own printed words, this activist has a record of calling observant Christians “fundamentalist monsters” who seek impose “theocratic terror” on America, and that evangelizing (sharing the gospel of Jesus Christ) in the military is an act of “sedition and treason” against this country, making those who do it “enemies of the Constitution.” He says those who do so should be court-martialed (criminally prosecuted). As this story developed, the Obama-Hagel Pentagon defended its policy, and changed its story several times, as it was revealed that these meetings with Weinstein had been going on for years. In the following months there were additional incidents, such as removing Christian patriotic artwork at a military base, censoring a Christian chaplain, and a Christian service member reportedly being relieved of duty by his lesbian commander because he refused her order to say that it is wrong not to support gay marriage. Now leaders from Restore Military Religious Freedom–a coalition to protect service members of faith–met with Pentagon officials. Lt. Gen. Jerry Boykin (ret.) of the Family Research Council, Col. Ron Crews (ret.) of the Chaplains Alliance for Religious Liberty, Kellie Fiedorek of the Alliance Defending Freedom, and nationally-known Christian talk radio host Sandy Rios took with them two petitions calling on Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to protect religious liberty. One was a general petition with 170,000 signatures, and the other–with 50,000 signatures–was sparked by the last incident mentioned above, where Air Force Senior Master Sergeant Phillip Monk was relieved of duty by Maj. Elisa Valenzuela, allegedly because of Monk’s Christian beliefs on marriage. Monk now faces possible court martial. These Christian leaders met with Lt. Gen. Richard C. Harding, the three-star judge advocate general of the Air Force (the top lawyer in that branch of the military), and Maj. Gen. Howard D. Stendahl, the two-star Air Force chief of chaplains. Gen. Boykin said after the meeting:The meeting included a productive discussion on the issue of religious freedom in the military as a whole and not just the U.S. Air Force. After delivering the petitions, we explained our concerns regarding the trend towards infringements on the constitutional liberties of service members in all uniformed services. We appreciate their offer to review decisions that do not reflect Air Force policy made by commanders at various bases.  At their request, we will report future events and concerns directly to Air Force leadership.  After reviewing a series of troubling incidents involving chaplains, the coalition members were assured in the meeting that chaplains would not be forced to do anything that violates the tenets of their faith.   We also requested that the Department of Defense and the Air Force issue a definitive statement regarding the ability of service members to share their faith publicly.  Previous statements on the subject have been confusing and contradictory. Additionally, we asked that the Department of Defense move quickly to implement the religious freedom protections enacted in last year’s National Defense Authorization Act. Given new incidents of military personnel facing career reprisals for their religious beliefs, it is vital that regulations preventing discrimination be issued by the Secretary of Defense as demanded by law. We intend to remain in contact with the Air Force to ensure that the law’s implementation is consistent with the intent of Congress.Congress is working on new statutory language to protect such religious speech in the military, which has passed the House and is pending in the Senate. President Obama threatens to veto this legislation.Breitbart News legal columnist Ken Klukowski is on faculty at Liberty University School of Law. Follow him on Twitter @kenklukowski.National SecurityCongressDefense.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartThe Obama administration is protesting the release of convicted murderer and drug lord Rafael Caro Quintero.A statement from Caitlin Hayden:"We are deeply concerned by the release of Rafael Caro Quintero from prison in Mexico. He had been serving a 40-year prison term for the 1985 kidnapping, torture and murder of U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agent Enrique 'Kiki' Camarena."We have seen reports that another individual connected to Camarena's killing could also be released."We remain as committed today in seeing Quintero and others involved in this crime face justice in the United States as we were in the immediate aftermath of Kiki Camarena's murder and will work closely with the Mexican authorities on this."Some background from the Associated Press:"Infamous drug lord Rafael Caro Quintero walked free Friday after 28 years in prison when a court overturned his 40-year sentence for the 1985 kidnapping and killing of a U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration agent, a brutal murder that marked a low point in U.S.-Mexico relations. ..."Mexico's Attorney General Jesus Murillo Karam said in a statement that he was 'worried' about the court's decision, adding that his office is analyzing whether there are any charges pending against Caro Quintero."Caro Quintero, 60, was a founding member of one of Mexico's earliest and biggest drug cartels. The court ruled Wednesday that he had been improperly tried in a federal court for a crime that should have been treated as a state offense. Prison officials were notified of the ruling on Thursday, and an official at the Jalisco state prosecutors' office said the drug lord left prison before dawn on Friday. The official was not authorized to speak on the record."News media were not alerted until hours after the release, and U.S. authorities apparently received no prior notification."Raw Story“This is to protect the workers and lessen the burden on employers who are paying all the bills,” said state Rep. Dan Knodl (R-Germantown).-------Democratic state Rep. Christine Sinicki (Milwaukee) said that the law is another salvo by Republicans against working people and the middle class. She also worried that Republicans would make the bill even more intrusive and draconian during the legislative mark-up process.I was working last week. I got my layoff/separation notice Friday. I am unemployed Monday. It's the 6th time I have been laid off in 20 years and the 4 time since I bought my home and the 3rd time since I got married.Republicans have elevated blaming the victims of capitalism to a high art. And the Unemployed are VICTIMS of GOP economic policies.Wall Street and the 1% are off-shoring TRILLIONS of dollars, APPLE wants laws changed so it can bring billions of untaxed dollars into the US and republicans want to spy on back accounts of the POOR?It's wholly mean-spirited, part of the GOP agenda to be as mean and awful to the poor as possible.It is unacceptable. SAN FRANCISCO — The young man’s plea was direct: Stop the deportations, he urged President Obama, of the 11.5 million illegal immigrants in the United States.“You have the power to stop deportations for all,” the man said as he interrupted Obama’s immigration policy speech here Monday afternoon.“Actually,” the president replied, “I don’t. And that’s why we’re here.”He added, “The easy way out is to try to yell and pretend like I can do something by violating our laws. And what I’m proposing is the harder path, which is to use our democratic processes to achieve the same goal that you want to achieve — but it won’t be as easy as just shouting. It requires us lobbying and getting it done.” Hecklers have become a staple at Obama’s public events, but it’s rare that one underscores the message that the president is trying to deliver — in this instance, that the American people support a path to citizenship for those here illegally but that Congress is blocking comprehensive immigration reform. Obama came to San Francisco’s Chinatown on Monday to argue that overhauling the immigration system would bring an economic windfall for the Bay Area and other communities nationwide. In remarks at the Betty Ann Ong Chinese Recreation Center, Obama said 35 percent of business owners in San Francisco are immigrants, many of them Asian Americans. “You don’t have to be an economist to figure out that workers will be more productive if they’ve got their families here with them — they’re not worried about deportation, they’re not living halfway around the world,” Obama said. “This isn’t just the right thing to do. It’s the smart thing to do.”Obama urged House Republicans to take up the Senate’s compromise immigration bill, saying that progress on this front is being held up by a faction of the Republican Party. He also reiterated his support for a piecemeal approach in the House if that is what it would take to pass a package of reforms.But Obama also said, “Just because something is smart, fair, good for the economy and supported by business, labor, law enforcement and faith leaders, Democratic and Republican governors, including the governor of this state — just because all that is in place doesn’t mean we’ll actually get it done because this is Washington, after all, that we’re talking about, and everything’s looked at through a political prism.”Brendan Buck, a spokesman for House Speaker John A. Boehner (R-Ohio), said, “The speaker is sincere in wanting to get something done, and we’re pleased the president said he can accept the step-by-step approach we’re taking in the House.”In addition to immigration, Obama touched briefly on the troubled rollout of the federal government’s health insurance exchange. California has signed up tens of thousands of people through its own exchange. “Even as we’re getting this darn Web site up to speed — and it’s getting better — states like California are proving the law works,” Obama said, referring to the federal insurance Web site. More than 100 demonstrators over various subjects waved signs and chanted outside the Chicago Hilton hotel where President Obama will attend a fundraiser tonight, hours after arrests were made there. About half had gathered to express their frustration with ongoing deportations of immigrants and with the immigration bill that is pending in Congress. Some of the others waved red signs opposing the Keystone XL Pipeline. About a dozen abortion opponents also were gathered at the protest site, on the east side of the 700 block of South Michigan Avenue, with signs depicting aborted fetuses. The protesters voiced a range of complaints against the president. "I don't know what he has in his head to come in and fundraise for politicians a week after 50 schools got shut down in Chicago," said Esteban Burgoa, an Iraq war vet who was born in Mexico and carried a sign that urged an end to deportations, among other things. "Why doesn't he raise money for the educators?"The demonstration was organized in part by immigration activists, including Undocumented Illinois, a coalition of groups across the state that want deportations halted as Congress works out an immigration reform bill."We're seeing people that would qualify for the reform be deported and displaced," said Xanat Sobrevilla, 25, an organizer from Chicago Ridge. "They are community members, they are parents, they are workers."Twelve protesters who were expressing that message were arrested earlier today after they staged a sit-in outside the hotel, Sobrevilla said.The eight female and four male protesters were taken into custody a little after 9:45 a.m. after they blocked traffic and refused to move, said Police News Affairs Officer John Mirabelli.They were expected to be charged with reckless conduct, obstructing or resisting the actions of a police officer, and obstructing a roadway, all misdemeanors, Mirabelli said.Alfonso Seiva, of Pilsen, said he was there to "remind Obama of the Latino people." "Nothing happened in the last four years and nothing is happening now," Seiva said as he held a large sign that said "Stop Deportation."Others said they disapprove of the immigration bill under consideration in the Senate."We don't accept it; we believe it's not a just reform," said Vicki Cervantes, of the Coalition for Migrant Justice. "It creates semi-legal status where people don't have full rights. It leaves people still vulnerable."Obama is in town for two fundraisers hosted by the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. After speaking at the Hilton this evening, he will attend the second fundraiser at a private residence.kgeiger@tribune.comCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 Breitbart[The premise of this diary has been debunked by Snopes.](From the diaries -- kos)It's their right under the 1st Amendment.Akre and Wilson refused and threatened to report Fox's actions to the FCC, they were both fired.August 18, 2000, a unanimous Florida jury found that Akre was wrongfully fired by Fox Television when she refused to broadcast (in the jury's words) “a false, distorted or slanted story”  The jury awarded her $425,000 in damages.FOX appealed the case, and on February 14, 2003 the Florida Second District Court of Appeals  overturned the settlement awarded to Akre.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.By Walter ShapiroIs Barack Obama a liberal?That question might have aroused spirited debate, especially among Democrats, during the president’s vague-is-in-vogue re-election campaign. But since the polls closed on Nov. 6, President Obama has undeniably positioned himself to the left of Candidate Obama.  Amid the national grieving over the Sandy Hook shootings, Obama suddenly found the gumption to stare down the NRA and put gun control back on the national agenda. His inaugural address will be remembered for the stirring endorsement of gay rights and the sudden rediscovery of climate change. Then before the inaugural glow wore off, the Pentagon announced that it would drop its ban on women in combat. And immigration reform—another explosive topic—is likely to receive a star turn in the upcoming State of the Union address. But before we dust off right-wing commentator Dinesh D’Souza’s absurd claim that Obama is really a Kenyan socialist, let’s look more closely at the president’s sudden liberal fervor.Make no mistake, Obama is indeed a transformational 21st-century leader when it comes to any issue that touches on individual rights and equality. He reflects the end of the white-bread politics that elected both Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan to two terms. Rather than defying the demographic and attitudinal shifts that produced the America of 2013, Obama embodies them. Some of his liberal statements and actions are undoubtedly payback to the electoral coalition that gave the president a second term despite the stagnant economy. When the first wave of Obama White House memoirs are published, it will be fascinating to read about the internal debates over the gay-rights portion of the inaugural address. But maybe, in reality, there was little dissent. Maybe Obama and his top advisers simply understood that it was time.Any discussion of Obama’s newly expressed passion for gun control has to begin with the fact that this Chicago-shaped politician is our first urban president since John Kennedy. Unlike, say, Bill Clinton, Obama never came from a place where guns are equated with hunting rather than violent shootouts. Remember, during the 2008 primary campaign against Hillary Clinton, Obama in a private fundraiser derided rural voters who “cling to guns or religion.” When it comes to regulating guns, political geography matters. New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg may be the nation’s most zealous proponent of gun control, but it is hard to describe this billionaire plutocrat, who endorsed George W. Bush for president in 2004, as a dangerous left-winger. Immigration reform is another issue with a bipartisan pedigree. The plan that Obama is likely to highlight in his State of the Union address will bear a close resemblance to the legislation that John McCain and Ted Kennedy introduced in 2005 with the blessing of George W. Bush and Karl Rove. It is hard to describe the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, which has consistently backed immigration reform, as a hotbed of left-wingers. Painting an ideological portrait of any incumbent president is tricky since the subject keeps moving rather than holding a fixed position. All presidencies are filled with contradictions: Ronald Reagan raised taxes; Bush dramatically expanded the social safety net by adding a prescription drug benefit to Medicare; and Obama, for a while, dramatically increased troop levels in Afghanistan. Even now, there is a zigzag quality to Obama’s foreign policy. In his inaugural address, the president declared, “A decade of war is now ending.” But not the vastly expanded drone attacks, which have become Obama’s favored way of battling terrorists. To the consternation of liberals, Obama has refused to make public the legal justification for this airborne war conducted by robots. The president’s economic orientation can be equally confounding. In an interview after the election, Obama claimed, “My policies are so mainstream that if I had set the same policies that I had back in the 1980s, I would be considered a moderate Republican.” Of course, this contention is self-servingly hyperbolic. But Obama’s words do underscore how the political pendulum on economic issues (but decidedly not on social issues) has moved to the right in the past three decades. How liberal is a president who signed the “fiscal cliff” legislation that made permanent the Bush tax cuts for roughly 99 percent of Americans? How liberal is a president who at various points in his budget negotiations with the Republicans has toyed with raising the eligibility age for Medicare and cutting back the inflation adjustment for Social Security? How liberal is a president who allowed the Wall Street masterminds behind the economic collapse to go unpunished for their flagrant misdeeds?Even the big-government complexity of Obamacare was created in large measure because the president refused to endorse the liberal cause of a single-payer system like Medicare. And while not beating the drums for the president’s claim to be a moderate Republican, didn’t a Massachusetts governor named Mitt Romney enact an analogous health-care plan? The point is that an inaugural address and a few post-election gestures do not, by themselves, define who Obama is as a political leader. So far the liberalism of Obama in the personal sphere has been tempered by the centrism of Obama in the economic and foreign-policy realm. This ideological blurriness comes with the keys to the Oval Office. To steal a line from Walt Whitman, Obama can rightly say, “I am large, I contain multitudes.”The final season of AMC's hit series will kick off with eight new episodes. Showrunner Angela Kang teases "never-before-seen" locations to come.A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Razak claims he was "misled" by his 1MDB partner Jho Low.Chadwick Boseman, Viola Davis, Daniel Kaluuya, and Youn Yuh-jung made history during the 27th annual SAG Awards on Sunday evening.Amazon has denied that employees were fired for criticizing the company publicly - it said they violated internal policies.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThe following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.The next generation of men’s tennis remains a jumble of unrealized potential.  With Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer skipping the Miami Open, the tournament was expected to bring the game’s new faces into sharper focus.  Sunday’s match between No. 37-ranked Hubert Hurkacz and No. 31 Jannik Sinner was the first ATP Masters 1000 final since 2003 with two players ranked outside the top 30.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsWASHINGTON, D.C. — Nearly half of the crowd at Saturday’s Elite 8 game between Syracuse and Marquette at the Verizon Center in Washington, D.C. booed President Barack Obama when he was shown on the big screen with just over ten minutes to play in the first half. After the boos erupted, a contingent of Obama supporters countered with cheers.Obama also golfed on Saturday for the first time since the sequester cuts went into effect at the beginning of March and then took some of his foursome–and his Secret Service detail–to watch Syracuse oust Marquette and secure a trip to the Final Four. One would have expected a friendlier crowd for the President, but there are still several possible explanations for the boos. Obama and his White House team had supported Georgetown (Syracuse’s rival) in the past, and the President had forecast Indiana (who was eliminated by Syracuse) to win the East Regional and go on to win the national title, for example.  Or, perhaps they booed because POTUS had gone to the game with Secret Service agents while the White House remains closed to tours. The Obama administration canceled the popular White House tours citing Secret Service costs. Throughout the week, Obama has been scrutinized because of Secret Service expenditures for the First Daughters’ vacations to the Bahamas and Sun Valley, Idaho. ***UPDATE: Twitterers confirm Breitbart News’s report that President Obama was booed at the Marquette vs. Syracuse game (time stamps on tweets are Eastern Daylight Time):[Mark Packer is Host of College Sports Today on SiriusXM.][Marshall Henderson plays basketball for the Ole Miss Rebels.][Lance Allan is Sports Anchor for Today’s TMJ4, NBC’s Milwaukee affiliate.][Rob Dauster is Head Writer for College Basketball Talk.]***This story has been updated.Cole Muzio and Tony Lee contributed to this report. photo credit: John PudnerSportsSecret ServiceWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAs you know, JW has kept close watch on the First Family’s extravagant personal trips for the American people, since we’re the ones footing the bill. And last week we released records detailing the government funds expended on Malia’s March 2012 Spring Break vacation to Mexico. According to the records, obtained from the U.S. Secret Service as a result of a Judicial Watch Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit filed on September 20, 2012, the total cost of the trip amounted to $115,500.87. The following is a breakdown of the costs as detailed in the documents, which are available in full here:Ground transportation:       $23,964.81Lodging:                           $21,682.92Airfare:                             $47,767.34“Vouchers”:                       $21,636.14 (not itemized)Support Charges:               $449.66 (travel for one from Mexico City to Oaxaca, not                                             itemized)Malia Obama’s Spring Break trip evoked a significant amount of controversy after the Obama White House reportedly ordered the removal of press reports detailing the trip. On March 19, 2012, numerous online press outlets reported on Malia Obama’s Mexico trip, noting the fact that she was accompanied by 25 U.S. Secret Service Agents and as many as 12 of her friends. However, shortly after the press reports surfaced, they were quickly removed from the Internet. As reported by Politico: The AFP, the Huffington Post and other websites have scrubbed a report about first daughter Malia Obama’s school trip. On Monday, the AFP reported that Obama’s daughter was on a school trip along with a number of friends and 25 Secret Service agents. The story was picked up by Yahoo, the Huffington Post, and the International Business Times, as well as UK publications like the Daily Mail and the Telegraph and other overseas publications like The Australian. But on Monday night, the story had been removed from those sites.In an update to this story, Politico published a statement issued by Kristina Schake, Communications Director to the First Lady, indicating that the removal of these news stories was “a White House effort:” “From the beginning of the administration, the White House has asked news outlets not to report on or photograph the Obama children when they are not with their parents and there is no vital news interest. We have reminded outlets of this request in order to protect the privacy and security of these girls.”The trip reportedly took place shortly after the Texas Department of Public Safety issued a statement advising students on Spring Break “to avoid Mexico.”  I think we can all agree that in these economic times, with huge public debt and high unemployment, spending $115,000 in taxpayer funds on a Spring Break trip to Mexico is inappropriate. Is this what Americans are being asked to pay higher taxes for?This is far from the first time the Obamas have taken advantage of the American taxpayer to enjoy expensive vacations.We previously obtained records from the United States Air Force and the United States Secret Service detailing Michelle Obama’s February 2012 President’s Day weekend ski vacation to Aspen, Colorado, with her two daughters. The records indicate U.S. Secret Service costs, including accommodations at the Fasching Haus deluxe condominium and the Inn at Aspen, were $48,950.38.Judicial Watch also obtained documents from the United States Air Force and the United States Secret Service detailing costs associated with Michelle Obama’s controversial August 2010 vacation to Spain. According to a Judicial Watch analysis, the records indicate a total combined cost of at least $467,585.  Judicial Watch also obtained documents detailing costs of a June 21-27, 2011, trip taken by Michelle Obama, her family and her staff to South Africa and Botswana. Judicial Watch received mission expense records and passenger manifests for the Africa trip that described costs of $424,142 for the flight and crew alone. Other expenses, such as off-flight food, transportation, security, etc. were not included.That’s a total of four trips at a cost of almost $1 million. And these are the trips we know about.Rest assured, JW will continue to monitor these First Family excursions in a second Obama term. I suspect they will continue.PoliticsPoliticoSecret ServiceWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartWASHINGTON -- An inspector general report into the Internal Revenue Service's heightened scrutiny of Tea Party groups blames "ineffective management" at the agency, but does not address whether the policy was politically motivated.The Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration's report, released Tuesday, was an audit -- not an investigative report. It made recommendations about how tax-exempt applications should be processed in the future. It did not blame specific employees or suggest disciplinary action.The report found the IRS office in Cincinnati, which processes all applications for tax-exempt status, singled out "Tea Party," "Patriot" and "9/12" groups based solely on their names. The applications were singled out for further review of whether they were involved in political campaign activity. The groups were applying for tax exempt status reserved for groups that conduct "social welfare" activities as the bulk of their work.The IRS's special treatment of Tea Party applications led to long processing delays, the inspector general said. For 13 months beginning in October 2010, the Cincinnati office stopped working on potential political cases entirely.The report said 170 groups received IRS letters asking for additional information, and in 98 of those cases the questions asked were later determined to be inappropriate or unnecessary. Those questions included the names of donors, the political affiliation of officers, and their employment outside the organization.In a response to the draft report, the IRS defended its decision to separate out groups involved in potential political activities. "While centralization was warranted, the manner in which we initially designated cases for centralization was inappropriate," wrote Joseph H. Grant, the acting commissioner for tax exempt and government entities.He also said determining which groups are engaged in prohibited political activity is difficult: "There are no bright line tests for what constitutes political campaign intervention ... or whether an organization is primarily engaged in social welfare activities," Grant said.Follow @gregorykorte on Twitter.We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartRepublicans Mike Kelly (PA-03) and Jim Renacci (OH-16) circulated a letter Thursday requesting Treasury Secretary Jack Lew to release documents detailing the process and methodology the Automotive Task Force used to shut down General Motors dealerships in 2009 during the automotive industry crisis. Renacci’s Northeast Ohio Chevrolet dealership was closed in 2010 after losing a battle with General Motors. Congress loaned General Motors $50 billion in 2009 after GM declared bankruptcy, which resulted in the federal government owning a majority share of the company. Roughly 2000 dealerships received “wind-down” agreements, and while hundreds were able to survive an exhaustive arbitration process, Renacci-Doraty Chevrolet in Wadsworth did not. Renacci, then a Congressional candidate challenging incumbent John Boccieri, placed the blame squarely on President Obama. Mike Kelly has a similar story. He decided to run for Congress when it was announced that Obama’s Automotive Task Force slated Wayland Chevrolet in Butler, Pennsylvania for closure. The dealership was started by Kelly’s father in 1953.Now that it has been confirmed that the Treasury Department unfairly profiled conservatives around that time, the Congressmen are wondering if that could have been a factor in the selection of certain dealerships for closure.The IRS scandal “raises serious questions about past decisions made by the [Treasury] Department regarding auto dealership closures that occurred in 2008 and 2009,” reads the letter. “We formally request that the Treasury Department provide all e-mails, phone records, notes, memoranda, reports, and other communications regarding the decision-making process for dealership closures from the Automotive Task Force headed by Car Czars Steve Rattner and Ron Bloom.”The letter also notes that while the Automotive Task Force claimed to have objectively evaluated each dealership, a Special Inspector General Report found that there was “little or no documentation” that proves objective criteria were used.Full letter here:   20130516193224962 – PoliticsGeneral MotorsJim RenacciMike Kelly.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Saturday, August 10 marks the third month of the IRS scandal.On May10, when Lois Lerner, the former Director of the IRS Exempt Organizations Division, answered a question at a legal conference – a question she arranged to have asked in advance -- she clearly had no idea what would happen next.When she admitted that the IRS had targeted conservative groups, simply because of their political beliefs, she touched off a national firestorm. Her inept attempt to apologize for the Agency’s blunder, and put it to rest, backfired.In the past three months, we have learned that the Obama administration repeatedly tried to downplay this unlawful targeting scheme which is an unprecedented breach of the public’s trust by the IRS.[pullquote]We also know that the scandal continues to expand. And we know that the Obama administration is doing very little to get to the bottom of what happened, despite the president's promise to the American people that the administration would “hold the responsible parties accountable.”Today, after all this time, it’s clear that the Obama administration isn't really interested in the facts about how this could happen at the IRS or about holding anyone accountable.In fact, President Obama has moved on, calling the IRS targeting scheme a “phony” scandal and acting as if corrective action has been taken and problem solved.Not so fast.From the beginning, the facts did not square with the excuses offered up to the American public by the Obama administration.It did not take long to punch holes in the IRS’ story that the scheme to target conservatives began in a small office run by just a couple of rogue agents.In our lawsuit against the IRS, on behalf of 41 conservative organizations in 22 states, the evidence is very clear: documents have revealed that IRS offices coast-to-coast were involved in the scheme, including Lois Lerner herself! In fact, she sent more than a dozen letters to conservative organizations asking them intrusive and inappropriate questions.The White House has also claimed that the unconstitutional targeting of conservative organizations ended in May 2012. Again, our documents clearly show that the IRS abuse continued through May of 2013 with the most recent letter dated May 6, 2013 – just four days before Lerner's admission.And we now know, thanks to the testimony of former IRS attorneys, that the office of the IRS Chief Counsel (a political presidential appointee) was involved in the scheme, too. This testimony raises important questions about President Obama’s knowledge or involvement in the scheme.Now, there’s new information to suggest that the IRS may have been providing taxpayer information to the Federal Election Commission, something that violates federal law and the IRS's own regulations.An FEC commissioner says he has seen previously undisclosed emails between the IRS and FEC about the targeting scheme. And lawmakers are now demanding the FEC turn over records of more than five years of communications with the IRS.All of this information comes as the Obama administration continues to stonewall Congress about the scandal -- providing just a fraction of the information requested.Noting the three month mark since the scandal began, Reps. Darrell Issa (Calif.) and Dave Camp (Mich.), chairmen of the House committees on Oversight and Ways and Means have voiced their concern, saying in a statement, “The American people demand and deserve accountability from their government, not to live in fear of being subject to an audit or other extra scrutiny for reasons unrelated to the content of their filing. So far, the IRS and this administration have provided no assurances that oversight and accountability is in place to prevent such abuses from happening again.”The president did order the new Acting IRS Commissioner Daniel Werfel to conduct a 30-day review of the IRS scandal. Yes, you read that right, just a 30-day review to investigate a scheme that had been underway for years. It’s no surprise that Werfel claims the 30-day review turned up no “evidence of intentional wrongdoing by anyone in the IRS.”It’s been 3 months since the American public learned about this outrageous behavior by the IRS. No one has been fired. Lerner and a handful of others are on leave and still being paid.And what has happened to the investigations underway by the FBI and Department of Justice? Three months later, not one of our clients has been contacted by investigators at the FBI or Justice Department.It’s difficult to imagine how anyone could claim that a thorough investigation -- or any investigation for that matter – has been conducted without even bothering to interview the taxpayers who were targeted.So, the IRS scandal continues. It’s been three months and counting. The last three months have produced many more questions and very few answers.Where’s the accountability, Mr. President?Get the recap of top opinion commentary and original content throughout the week.SubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      The Federal Aviation Administration is not collapsing but the White House is.The Post reports:Actually, it is more than “contending”; not only does current law likely allow this but Republican senators previously offered to provide such legislation, which the president threatened to veto. But now he fold his cards, again.Liberal blogger Ezra Klein says the Democrats just “lost” on the sequestration: “Absent the willingness to accept the pain of sequestration and use it to overturn the whole policy, Democrats have no leverage to end it.” In fact, they lost weeks ago. The pain is entirely of the administration’s creation, pain channeled to visible public services so that the public will conclude (falsely) that the cuts are draconian and no money can be cut from government, ever. Once Republicans pulled the curtain back, the jig was up for the never-cut-anything crowd.The latest FAA gambit was a somewhat desperate effort to revive the issue. Once again the president, seemingly with no back up plan, had no choice but to give up when the public became outraged and it was obvious that Democrats were trying to wield their inconvenience as a club against Republicans. Really, did the president expect any different result than occurred when he was threatening to lay off first responders?The president has been deeply unserious of late — about our debt, about the Syrian chemical use (not such a “red line” after all), about the identity of our enemy (jihadists) and about the depth of our economic woes. He would rather pursue a largely frivolous anti-gun bill or demagogue about the FAA. For the sake of the country, he needs to raise his game and start facing up to our real challenges.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyLosing a hard-fought battle confers no dishonor, but losing a badly chosen battle is embarrassing. And then there’s ridiculous. Into the last category goes the decision to close the nation’s monuments to make sure that the government shutdown strikes the hearts of all The American People, whose constant invocation by pandering politicians fills one with self-loathing. (Who wants to be an “American People,” given the quality of our spokesfolksen?) Then again, ridiculous is perhaps too generous a word. Closing the monuments, especially the World War II Memorial, can be reduced, fittingly, to a single syllable: Dumb. It is fitting because the seated patron of the Mall, Abraham Lincoln, was famously monosyllabic. In trivia you can use, more than 70 percent of the words in the Gettysburg Address are of one syllable.In more recent history, when a group of World War II veterans recently faced barriers blocking entry to the memorial — an open space requiring not so much as an attendant — these elderly warriors took a page from their Normandy playbook and stormed the barricades. Can there be an image more inspiring than members of this venerable club, whose living roll declines each day by about 640, pushing their way through flimsy, useless, pointless barriers to roam among pillars erected to their heroism? What was Washington thinking?Dumb, dumb, dumb.President Obama, whose grandfather was a World War II veteran, might have known better. We may have to close down the government, he could have said, but don’t touch the monuments. Instead, the Office of Management and Budget ordered the barricades. That’ll show ’em. Among the many reasons this was so clumsy, one stands out starkly: It isn’t as though the WWII guys can always come back another day. All are in their late 80s and early 90s, and time is of the essence. Moreover, most plan these trips well in advance and at considerable expense. Thanks to the monument liberators, Washington officials were forced to rethink their decision and removed the barriers. The American People are now free to roam their public spaces that remember sacrifices beyond most imaginations. Optically, symbolically and every other way, this seems too little too late. Shutting out veterans from their memorial touchstone was more than a bad call, a lapse of judgment, a mere moment of tone-deafness. In reality, it may have been the tidy effort of a box-checking bureaucrat, but it reeked of the small work of a petty bully.Ditto the closing of the D-Day cemetery in Normandy, France, where more than 9,000 Americans are buried. And this is the president who recently declared that The American People are not political pawns to be used to score political points? Barack Obama must have been an inkling in the prescient mind of H.L. Mencken when the curmudgeon from whom all op-eds flow once described democracy as “the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard.”While one may sympathize with Obama’s contempt for his congressional adversaries, he may have cut off his own nose with an unforced error of magnified proportions. Spite is unbecoming a president, as Richard Nixon proved in another era of national disruption. But beyond personality, it is baffling to imagine anyone thinking that the way to winning hearts and minds is by disrespecting the nation’s most beloved demographic. I’ve often lamented the prospect of a world without my parents’ generation, not because they were perfect but because these mothers and fathers take with them a national treasure — their personal experiences and memories of the Great Depression and World War II and the lessons of sacrifice, thrift, courage and duty that defined them. In their place, we have a bickering, twittering, snarling, snarky, toxic public square that has contaminated even our highest offices. How surreal it must seem to our oldest and wisest citizens to witness the breaking bad of America. Nearly any but the die-hardest tea party member regrets the shuttering of the U.S. government. It was unnecessary, counterproductive and punishes all the wrong people — including federal employees, who do yeoman’s work for which they receive little credit.Tying the defunding of Obamacare to the shutdown was folly, which sensible House Republicans knew even as they ignored their better judgment. Even so, the White House and Democrats seem determined to prove their own toughness by punishing the least deserving. As we approach the next battle, over the debt ceiling, would that all of Washington remember the rule of the savvy negotiator: Always leave your opponent an exit.  Read more from Kathleen Parker’s archive, follow her on Twitter or find her on Facebook.  Read more about this issue:  Charles Krauthammer: Who shut down Yellowstone?  Ed Rogers: The World War II Memorial is not a political prop  Marc A. Thiessen: The Seinfeld shutdown  Charles Krauthammer: Democrats are to blame for the shutdown  Eugene Robinson: John Boehner’s turn to give in We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.Former New York governor Eliot Spitzer, who resigned five years ago amid a prostitution scandal, said he's running for New York City comptroller because he misses the policy fights and wants a chance to help shape the city's budget.Spitzer, a Democrat, did a round of media interviews on Monday morning as New York City residents awoke to his surprising interview in The New York Times that he will ask voters for "forgiveness." Spitzer has until Thursday to collect the 3,750 signatures he needs from voters to get on the ballot for comptroller -- a job for which he said he believes he has the right "skill set.""I sinned, I owned up to it, I looked them in the eye, I resigned, I held myself accountable," Spitzer said on CBS' This Morning program. "It's now five years later. I hope they (voters) look back at what I did as attorney general, as governor, as a prosecutor and say, 'hey, this guy was ahead of the curve on Wall Street issues.' "On the Bill Press radio show, Spitzer said running for comptroller "is an opportunity to participate in the budget of the city." He told WCBS that he wants a chance to tell the public, "here's what I can do." For the past few years, Spitzer has worked as a political commentator on TV and has taught at City College of New York.The self-described "steamroller" who once cracked down on Wall Street became the first New York governor since the 1970s to step down. In a memorable news conference with his wife, Silda, standing somberly at his side, Spitzer admitted in 2008 that he was a client of a high-end prostitution ring while governor.On CBS, Spitzer denied that he and his wife are separated and said he discussed with his family his political plans -- which were made final this weekend. Asked if running for New York City comptroller was a step down from governor, Spitzer said, "Service is service.""I think anybody who's been through what I've been through, sure, you want redemption," he said. "If that's what I wanted I don't think this is the path to do it. But what I am seeking is service ... the most satisfying thing for me ever is public service."Spitzer is now the third high-profile politician derailed by scandal to seek public office this year. Democrat Anthony Weiner, who resigned from Congress amid a sexting scandal in 2011, is running for New York City mayor and is at or near the top of some public opinion polls on the race.Republican Mark Sanford was elected in May to a congressional seat in South Carolina, four years after admitting an extramarital affair.Spitzer has set up a new Twitter account, @SpitzerforNYC, to promote his candidacy and had more than 1,600 followers as of Monday morning.Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer is among the most prominent candidates seeking the comptroller's job, which is responsible for the city's finances. The comptroller also serves as the city's chief auditor. Kristin Davis, who ran the prostitution ring that Spitzer was accused of frequenting, is also running.Follow @ccamia on Twitter.Is what David Plouffe tweeted about Darrell Issa yesterday.Strong words from Mr Grand Theft Auto and suspected arsonist/insurance swindler. And loose ethically today.thehill.com/video/house/30…ISSA: This one isn’t. But I will tell you, one of the agents asked for and got a transfer because that person was so uncomfortable that they wanted out of it.Longtime Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward is taking on the White House, saying in multiple interviews that the administration essentially threatened him to try to get him not to write a story.Politico has an interview with Woodward and his correspondence with top Obama economic adviser Gene Sperling, in which Sperling apologizes for raising his voice at Woodward in a phone call but then proceeds to say Woodward would "regret" it if he pursued his story -- about whether Obama had moved the goalposts on the sequester."But I do truly believe you should rethink your comment about saying that Potus asking for revenues is moving the goal post," Sperling said in the e-mail obtained by Politico. "I know you may not believe this, but as a friend, I think you will regret staking out that claim."Woodward, who didn't name Sperling in his interviews, which occurred before the actual e-mails came out, said that last sentence amounted to a thinly veiled threat.“‘You’ll regret.’ Come on,” he said. “I think if Obama himself saw the way they’re dealing with some of this, he would say, ‘Whoa, we don’t tell any reporter ‘you’re going to regret challenging us.’”In an interview with CNN, Woodward said:"I mean, it makes me very uncomfortable to have the White House telling reporters, 'you're going to regret doing something that you believe in.'" Woodward said. "And even though we don't look at it that way, you do look at it that way. And I think if Barack Obama knew that was part of the communication's strategy -- let's hope it's not a strategy, but it's a tactic that somebody's employed, and said, look, we don't go around trying to say to reporters, if you, in an honest way, present something we don't like, that, you know, you're going to regret this. And just -- it's Mickey Mouse."Here's the piece in question, which Woodward wrote last weekend.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyLongtime Washington Post reporter Bob Woodward is taking on the White House, saying in multiple interviews that the administration essentially threatened him to try to get him not to write a story.Politico has an interview with Woodward and his correspondence with top Obama economic adviser Gene Sperling, in which Sperling apologizes for raising his voice at Woodward in a phone call but then proceeds to say Woodward would "regret" it if he pursued his story -- about whether Obama had moved the goalposts on the sequester."But I do truly believe you should rethink your comment about saying that Potus asking for revenues is moving the goal post," Sperling said in the e-mail obtained by Politico. "I know you may not believe this, but as a friend, I think you will regret staking out that claim."Woodward, who didn't name Sperling in his interviews, which occurred before the actual e-mails came out, said that last sentence amounted to a thinly veiled threat.“‘You’ll regret.’ Come on,” he said. “I think if Obama himself saw the way they’re dealing with some of this, he would say, ‘Whoa, we don’t tell any reporter ‘you’re going to regret challenging us.’”In an interview with CNN, Woodward said:"I mean, it makes me very uncomfortable to have the White House telling reporters, 'you're going to regret doing something that you believe in.'" Woodward said. "And even though we don't look at it that way, you do look at it that way. And I think if Barack Obama knew that was part of the communication's strategy -- let's hope it's not a strategy, but it's a tactic that somebody's employed, and said, look, we don't go around trying to say to reporters, if you, in an honest way, present something we don't like, that, you know, you're going to regret this. And just -- it's Mickey Mouse."Here's the piece in question, which Woodward wrote last weekend.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyAt a time when Congress can’t pass a budget and the president can’t win approval of any important legislation, the public is indignant about the threat of an overreaching, all-powerful federal government that uses the IRS and the Justice Department to harass its enemies. President Obama hasn’t begun to fix the big problem of Washington dysfunction, but he moved Wednesday to respond to public anger and reposition his sinking administration. He fired the acting IRS commissioner, released a blizzard of e-mails on Benghazi and backed a shield law to protect journalists. It was fancy footwork in public-relations terms but not a reaction to what’s really ailing the federal government. The crippling problem in Washington these days isn’t any organized conspiracy against conservatives, journalists or anyone else. Rather, it’s a federal establishment that’s increasingly paralyzed because of poor management and political second-guessing. What should frighten the public is not the federal government’s monstrous power but its impotence. Firing officials has its place in bringing accountability. What’s really needed, as these latest episodes show, is adult supervision of the bureaucracy. This requires senior officials who are properly sensitive to political issues. But such officials have become so afraid of seeming to meddle that mistakes happen. Where was the senior manager who should have stopped IRS employees from writing outrageous questionnaires and search queries targeting “Patriots” and “We the People”? Perhaps that person was wading through congressional messages urging IRS investigations of tax-exempt political groups. Where was the top Justice Department official who should have checked a runaway prosecutor from issuing an over-broad subpoena to the Associated Press? The attorney general recused himself because of fear of a perceived conflict of interest. Perhaps lower-level officials were chilled by congressional demands for leak investigations — and insinuations the administration was itself the guilty party. The principal activity of the federal government these days is investigating itself. No panel is bipartisan and independent enough to escape the charge that it is covering something up. This accusation has been leveled against the review panel on Benghazi headed by Tom Pickering, former undersecretary of state, and Adm. Mike Mullen, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Good grief, if these two are part of a conspiracy, I’m moving to Moscow. If you unpack the various scandals swirling around Washington this week, you find a common theme of bad decisions by government officials, compounded by finger-pointing and second-guessing from Congress. Here are some moments in this chain of error. ● The IRS investigations of tea party-related conservative groups that began in March 2010 came a couple of months after the Supreme Court in Citizens United opened the way for corporate contributions to political causes. Garance Franke-Ruta, in her blog for the Atlantic, has identified congressional pressure on the IRS to investigate conservative tax-exempt groups. The unit that was supposed to make such determinations (located in Cincinnati in part to keep it away from political pressure) made an intolerable mistake in searching for right-wing groups using political terms. But the dragnet was hardly a secret: News reports appeared in 2012 about tea party complaints of harassment, at a time when some congressional Democrats were demanding that the IRS crack down harder. A grand jury can help unravel whether the IRS’s outrageous decisions amounted to criminal behavior. ● The Justice Department launched two special investigations of leaks in June after intense Republican criticism of intelligence disclosures. The probes focused on the sources for stories discussing the Stuxnet cyberattacks on Iran and a spy inside al-Qaeda’s Yemen affiliate. Even a journalist can understand why officials get upset when such secrets are blown. But the GOP’s larger motivation was its suspicion (apparently wrong) that senior Obama administration officials had organized the leaks. The administration’s own leak obsession (fueled by fears of congressional criticism) led Justice Department officials to subpoena two months of records for more than 20 phones at the AP. Why did Justice approve such a broad seizure when its own guidelines urge narrow use of reporters’ records? Perhaps it was an especially egregious leak, jeopardizing a British agent in place and infuriating the United States’ closest ally. We don’t know, because the administration has never properly explained its campaign against leaks — fearing political backlash.● Finally, Benghazi, the scandal that keeps on giving: This one began in the fog of war, so it’s best to be cautious about assigning responsibility. But the administration did try from the beginning to spin the story to preserve its campaign theme that Obama had won the war on terror, and the GOP has been spinning it ever since, to the point that the blame game is beginning to chill operations in North Africa. Another generation would have said: Let’s get on with it. We say, let’s have another investigation. Read more from David Ignatius’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.  Read more:   Greg Sargent: An insider account of the creation of the Benghazi talking points  Dana Milbank: President Passerby  Richard Cohen: Republicans’ Benghazi syndrome  George Will: In IRS scandal, echoes of Watergate We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsAdvertisementSupported byBy Nicholas Confessore and Amy ChozickSoon after the 10th anniversary of the foundation bearing his name, Bill Clinton met with a small group of aides and two lawyers from Simpson Thacher & Bartlett. Two weeks of interviews with Clinton Foundation executives and former employees had led the lawyers to some unsettling conclusions.The review echoed criticism of Mr. Clinton’s early years in the White House: For all of its successes, the Clinton Foundation had become a sprawling concern, supervised by a rotating board of old Clinton hands, vulnerable to distraction and threatened by conflicts of interest. It ran multimillion-dollar deficits for several years, despite vast amounts of money flowing in.And concern was rising inside and outside the organization about Douglas J. Band, a onetime personal assistant to Mr. Clinton who had started a lucrative corporate consulting firm — which Mr. Clinton joined as a paid adviser — while overseeing the Clinton Global Initiative, the foundation’s glitzy annual gathering of chief executives, heads of state, and celebrities.The review set off more than a year of internal debate, and spurred an evolution in the organization that included Mr. Clinton’s daughter, Chelsea, taking on a dominant new role as the family grappled with the question of whether the foundation — and its globe-spanning efforts to combat AIDS, obesity and poverty — would survive its founder. Now those efforts are taking on new urgency. In the coming weeks, the foundation, long Mr. Clinton’s domain since its formation in 2001, will become the nerve center of Hillary Rodham Clinton’s increasingly busy public life.This fall, Mrs. Clinton and her staff will move into offices at the foundation’s new headquarters in Midtown Manhattan, occupying two floors of the Time-Life Building. Amid speculation about her 2016 plans, Mrs. Clinton is adding major new initiatives on women, children and jobs to what has been renamed the Bill, Hillary & Chelsea Clinton Foundation.Worried that the foundation’s operating revenues depend too heavily on Mr. Clinton’s nonstop fund-raising, the three Clintons are embarking on a drive to raise an endowment of as much as $250 million, with events already scheduled in the Hamptons and London. And after years of relying on Bruce R. Lindsey, the former White House counsel whose friendship with Mr. Clinton stretches back decades, to run the organization while living part-time in Arkansas, the family has hired a New York-based chief executive with a background in management consulting.“We’re trying to institutionalize the foundation so that it will be here long after the lives of any of us,” Mr. Lindsey said. “That’s our challenge and that is what we are trying to address.”But the changing of the guard has aggravated long-simmering tensions within the former first family’s inner circle as the foundation tries to juggle the political and philanthropic ambitions of a former president, a potential future president, and their increasingly visible daughter. And efforts to insulate the foundation from potential conflicts have highlighted just how difficult it can be to disentangle the Clintons’ charity work from Mr. Clinton’s moneymaking ventures and Mrs. Clinton’s political future, according to interviews with more than two dozen former and current foundation employees, donors and advisers to the family. Nearly all of them declined to speak for attribution, citing their unwillingness to alienate the Clinton family.Powered by CelebrityLast Thursday, Mr. Clinton arrived two hours late to an exuberant welcome at a health clinic about 60 miles north of Johannesburg. Children in zebra-striped loincloths sang as Mr. Clinton and Ms. Clinton made their entrance, and the former president enthusiastically explained how his foundation had helped the South African government negotiate large reductions in the price of drugs that halt the progress of HIV. Aaron Motsoaledi, South Africa’s minister of health, heaped praise on the effort. “Because of your help we are able to treat three and a half times more people than we used to,” he told the crowd. The project is typical of the model pioneered by the Clinton Foundation, built around dozens of partnerships with private companies, governments, or other nonprofit groups. Instead of handing out grants, the foundation recruits donors and advises them on how best to deploy their money or resources, from helping Procter & Gamble donate advanced water-purification packets to developing countries to working with credit card companies to expand the volume of low-cost loans offered to poor inner city residents.The foundation, which has 350 employees in 180 countries, remains largely powered by Mr. Clinton’s global celebrity and his ability to connect corporate executives, A-listers and government officials. On this month’s Africa trip, Mr. Clinton was accompanied by the actors Dakota Fanning and Jesse Eisenberg and the son of the New York City mayoral candidate John A. Catsimatidis, a longtime donor.For most of the foundation’s existence, its leadership has been dominated by loyal veterans of the Clintons’ political lives. Ira C. Magaziner, who was a Rhodes scholar with Mr. Clinton and ran Mrs. Clinton’s failed attempt at a health care overhaul in the 1990s, is widely credited as the driving force behind the foundation’s largest project, the Clinton Health Access Initiative, which, among other efforts, negotiates bulk purchasing agreements and price discounts on lifesaving medicines. Mr. Band, who arrived at the White House in 1995 and worked his way up to become Mr. Clinton’s closest personal aide, standing behind the president on golf courses and the global stage, helped build the foundation’s fund-raising structure. He conceived of and for many years helped run the Clinton Global Initiative, the annual conference that draws hundreds of business leaders and heads of state to New York City where attendees are pushed to make specific philanthropic commitments. Today, big-name companies vie to buy sponsorships at prices of $250,000 and up, money that has helped subsidize the foundation’s annual operating costs. Last year, the foundation and two subsidiaries had revenues of more than $214 million.Yet the foundation’s expansion has also been accompanied by financial problems. In 2007 and 2008, the foundation also found itself competing against Mrs. Clinton’s presidential campaign for donors amid a recession. Millions of dollars in contributions intended to seed an endowment were diverted to other programs, creating tension between Mr. Magaziner and Mr. Band. The foundation piled up a $40 million deficit during those two years, according to tax returns. Last year, it ran more than $8 million in the red. Amid those shortfalls, the foundation has sometimes catered to donors and celebrities who gave money in ways that raised eyebrows in the low-key nonprofit world. In 2009, during a Clinton Global Initiative gathering at the University of Texas at Austin, the foundation purchased a first-class ticket for the actress Natalie Portman, a special guest, who brought her beloved Yorkie, according to two former foundation employees.In interviews, foundation officials partly blamed the 2008 recession and difficulties in getting donors to provide operating support rather than restricted grants for specific programs for the deficits. But others criticized Mr. Magaziner, who is widely seen within the foundation as impulsive and lacking organizational skills. On one occasion, Mr. Magaziner dispatched a team of employees to fly around the world for months gathering ideas for a climate change proposal that never got off the ground. Another time, he ignored a report — which was commissioned at significant expense from the consulting firm McKinsey & Company — on how the foundation could get involved in forestry initiatives. Mr. Magaziner’s management style and difficulty keeping projects within budget were also raised in discussions that surrounded the 2011 Simpson Thacher review. (One person who attended a meeting with Mr. Magaziner recalled his lying on a conference room table in the middle of the meeting because of terrible back spasms, snapping at a staff member.)Mr. Band repeatedly urged Mr. Clinton to fire Mr. Magaziner, according to people briefed on the matter. Mr. Clinton refused, confiding in aides that despite Mr. Magaziner’s managerial weaknesses, he was a visionary with good intentions. The former president, according to one person who knows them both, “thinks Ira is brilliant — and brilliant people get away with a lot in Clinton world.” Indeed, by then, Mr. Magaziner had persuaded Mr. Clinton and the foundation to spin the health initiative off into a separate organization, with Mr. Magaziner as its chief executive and the Clinton Foundation appointing a majority of its board members. The financial problems continued. In 2010 and 2011, the first two years when the health initiative operated as a stand-alone organization, it ran annual shortfalls of more than $4 million. A new chief financial officer, hired in 2010, left eight months later. A foundation official said the health initiative had only three chief financial officers in 10 years and that its financial problem was a common one in the nonprofit world: For all the grant money coming in — more than $160 million in 2011 — Mr. Magaziner had also had difficulty raising money for operating costs. But by the end of 2011, the health initiative had expanded its board, adding two seats. Chelsea Clinton took one. Growing VenturesAs the foundation grew, so did the outside business ventures pursued by Mr. Clinton and several of his aides.None have drawn more scrutiny in Clinton circles than Teneo, a firm co-founded in 2009 by Mr. Band, described by some as a kind of surrogate son to Mr. Clinton. Aspiring to merge corporate consulting, public relations and merchant banking in a single business, Mr. Band poached executives from Wall Street, recruited other Clinton aides to join as employees or advisers and set up shop in a Midtown office formerly belonging to one of the country’s top hedge funds. By 2011, the firm had added a third partner, Declan Kelly, a former State Department envoy for Mrs. Clinton. And Mr. Clinton had signed up as a paid adviser to the firm.Teneo worked on retainer, charging monthly fees as high as $250,000, according to current and former clients. The firm recruited clients who were also Clinton Foundation donors, while Mr. Band and Mr. Kelly encouraged others to become new foundation donors. Its marketing materials highlighted Mr. Band’s relationship with Mr. Clinton and the Clinton Global Initiative, where Mr. Band sat on the board of directors through 2011 and remains an adviser. Some Clinton aides and foundation employees began to wonder where the foundation ended and Teneo began. Those worries intensified after the collapse of MF Global, the international brokerage firm led by Jon S. Corzine, a former governor of New Jersey, in the fall of 2011. The firm had been among Teneo’s earliest clients, and its collapse over bad European investments — while paying $125,000 a month for the firm’s public relations and financial advice — drew Teneo and the Clintons unwanted publicity.Mr. Clinton ended his advisory role with Teneo in March 2012, after an article appeared in The New York Post suggesting that Mrs. Clinton was angry over the MF Global controversy. A spokesman for Mr. Clinton denied the report. But in a statement released afterward, Mr. Clinton announced that he would no longer be paid by Teneo. He also praised Mr. Band effusively, crediting him with keeping the foundation afloat and expressing hopes that Mr. Band would continue to advise the Global Initiative.“I couldn’t have accomplished half of what I have in my post-presidency without Doug Band,” Mr. Clinton said in the statement.Even that news release was a source of controversy within the foundation, according to two people with knowledge of the discussions. Mr. Band helped edit the statement, which other people around the Clintons felt gave him too much credit for the foundation’s accomplishments. (The quotation now appears as part of Mr. Band’s biography on the Teneo Web site.)Mr. Band left his paid position with the foundation in late 2010, but has remained involved with C.G.I., as have a number of Teneo clients, like Coca-Cola, Dow Chemical and UBS Americas. Standard Chartered, a British financial services company that paid a $340 million fine to New York regulators last year to settle charges that it had laundered money from Iran, is a Teneo client and a sponsor of the 2012 global initiative.Last year, Coca-Cola’s chief executive, Muhtar Kent, won a coveted spot on the dais with Mr. Clinton, discussing the company’s partnership with another nonprofit to use its distributors to deliver medical goods to patients in Africa. (A Coca-Cola spokesman said that the company’s sponsorship of foundation initiatives long predated Teneo and that the firm plays no role in Coca-Cola’s foundation work.) In March 2012, David Crane, the chief executive of NRG, an energy company, led a widely publicized trip with Mr. Clinton to Haiti, where they toured green energy and solar power projects that NRG finances through a $1 million commitment to the Clinton Global Initiative. Officials said the foundation has established clear guidelines for the Clinton Global Initiative to help prevent any favoritism or special treatment of particular donors or sponsors.Teneo was not the only worry: other events thrust the foundation into internal turmoil. In 2011, a wave of midlevel program staff members departed, reflecting the frustration of much of the foundation’s policy personnel with the old political hands running the organization. Around the time of the Simpson Thacher review, Mr. Lindsey suffered a stroke, underscoring concerns about the foundation’s line of succession. John D. Podesta, a chief of staff in Mr. Clinton’s White House, stepped in for several months as temporary chief executive. While much attention has focused on Mrs. Clinton’s emerging role within the foundation, advisers to the family say her daughter’s growing involvement could prove more critical in the years ahead. After years of pursuing other career paths, including working at McKinsey & Company and a hedge fund, Ms. Clinton, 33, has begun to assert herself as a force within the foundation. Her perspective is shaped far more than her parents’ by her time in the world of business, and she is poised to play a significant role in shaping the foundation’s future, particularly if Mrs. Clinton chooses to run for president.She formally joined the foundation’s board in 2011, marking her growing role there — and the start of intensifying tensions between her and Mr. Band. Several people close to the Clintons said that she became increasingly concerned with the negative impact Mr. Band’s outside business might have on her father’s work and that she cited concerns raised during the internal review about potential conflicts of interest involving Teneo.It was Ms. Clinton who suggested that the newly installed chief executive, Eric Braverman, be considered for the job during a nearly two-year search. A friend and a former colleague from McKinsey, Mr. Braverman, 38, had helped the Clintons with philanthropic projects in Haiti after the earthquake there. And his hiring coincided with Ms. Clinton’s appointment as the vice chairwoman of the foundation board, where she will bear significant responsibility for steering her family’s philanthropy, both in the causes it tackles and in the potential political and financial conflicts it must avoid.Ms. Clinton has also grown worried that the foundation she stood to inherit would collapse without her father, who turns 67 next week. Mr. Clinton, who had quadruple-bypass surgery in 2004 and no longer eats meat or dairy products, talks frequently about his own mortality.Mr. Catsimatidis said Ms. Clinton “has to learn how to deal with the whole world because she wants to follow in the footsteps of her father and her mother.”Shifting the EmphasisOver the years, the foundation has dived into virtually any cause that sparked Mr. Clinton’s interest: childhood obesity in the United States, sustainable farming in South America, mentoring entrepreneurs, saving elephants from poaching, and more. That list will shift soon as Mrs. Clinton and Chelsea build their staffs to focus on issues including economically empowering women and combating infant mortality.In the coming months, as Mrs. Clinton mulls a 2016 presidential bid, the foundation could also serve as a base for her to home in on issues and to build up a stable of trusted staff members who could form the core of a political campaign.Mrs. Clinton’s staff at the foundation’s headquarters includes Maura Pally, a veteran aide who advised her 2008 presidential campaign and worked at the State Department, and Madhuri Kommareddi, a former policy aide to President Obama.Dennis Cheng, Mrs. Clinton’s deputy chief of protocol at the State Department and a finance director of her presidential campaign, will oversee the endowment drive, which some of the Clintons’ donors already describe as a dry run for 2016. And Mrs. Clinton’s personal staff of roughly seven people — including Huma Abedin, wife of the New York mayoral candidate Anthony D. Weiner — will soon relocate from a cramped Washington office to the foundation’s headquarters. They will work on organizing Mrs. Clinton’s packed schedule of paid speeches to trade groups and awards ceremonies and assist in the research and writing of Mrs. Clinton’s memoir about her time at the State Department, to be published by Simon & Schuster next summer. Advertisement A onetime top aide to former state public health director Dr. Eric Whitaker was indicted Wednesday in what federal authorities said was a $433,000 grant kickback scam she then tried to cover up. Quinshaunta R. Golden allegedly used her position as Whitaker's chief of staff to issue millions of dollars in state grants. There was no indication in the indictment that Whitaker, a close friend of President Barack Obama, knew about the alleged wrongdoing. Golden, the niece of U.S. Rep. Danny Davis, is the 13th person to be charged in a federal task force's ongoing investigation of state grant and contract fraud. The probe already has claimed the political career of former state Rep. Connie Howard, who pleaded guilty last month to diverting as much as $28,000 from a scholarship fund she created to benefit needy students. According to the new indictment, starting in 2006, Golden directed grants to an unidentified security firm to do background checks on potential residents of nursing homes, which are overseen by the Illinois Department of Public Health. Under Golden, the state agency also issued grants to nonprofits run by Leon Dingle Jr. Golden is alleged to have had Dingle hire a person, identified in the indictment only as "Individual A," as a paid consultant. Individual A also was a paid consultant of the security firm. The consultant collected more than $1 million in grant and contract money originally given to Dingle's groups and the security firm, the indictment states. The consultant was supposed to kick back half of the money to Golden, who collected $433,000 in the scam, according to the indictment. As the grand jury heated up in February 2012, prosecutors said Golden also sought to influence the testimony of the consultant, including urging the individual to say the grant money was used "for gambling and other personal expenses." Golden also is charged with witness tampering/obstruction of justice. Golden, who could not be reached for comment, also served on the board of the Cook County health system until she resigned in February. Dingle, wife Karin Dingle and two associates were charged last October in a grant scheme. Prosecutors said the couple lived a lavish lifestyle bankrolled in part by $3.7 million in state money designed for cancer- and AIDS-related programs. Instead of using the money in the fight against serious illnesses, the Dingles and an associate used the cash to help pay for Mercedes-Benzes, sporting event tickets, yacht club expenses, a Marina Towers condo, a fur coat and vacation homes on the East Coast, prosecutors said. The Dingles operated the for-profit Advance Health, Social and Educational Associates Inc. and allegedly told state officials the grants would be used for three not-for-profit groups: a longtime coalition called the Broadcast Ministers Alliance of Chicago, Access Wellness and Racial Equity and the Medical Health Association. Whitaker, who golfed with Obama during the president's 52nd birthday celebration last weekend, left the state public health department in late 2007 to work with Michelle Obama at the University of Chicago Medicine. Golden left her state job in early 2008 and joined Whitaker at U. of C. Whitaker, who left the U. of C. this year, could not be reached for comment. The federal investigation also led to charges against two officials with the Chicago chapter of the National Black Nurses Association that grant money was diverted for personal use. In June, Lloyd Kelly, a former aide to Rep. Howard, was charged with mail fraud. Kelly is accused of spending more than $217,000 in state AIDS awareness grant money on a house and football game skyboxes. Tribune reporter Hal Dardick contributed. rlong@tribune.com rap30@aol.com  Twitter @RayLongCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune But when President Barack Obama vacations in Hawaii, sets up a fantasy golf vacation for himself with Butch Harmon and Tiger Woods, averages more than a vacation a month in 2013 while purporting to be a man of the people and demanding the rich pay their fair share, and playing sequester politics by shutting down White House tours, the mainstream media is silent. And while Bush spent more time outside of Washington than Obama, it is also worth nothing that nearly all of Bush’s vacations were trips back to his Texas ranch or family vacation homes in Maine. The Post, in 2005, conceded that Bush’s vacations–unlike Obama’s–were not lavish and he did not “make time for fun.”“Bush rarely takes the type of vacation one would consider exotic — or, to some, even appealing,” the Post wrote. “His notion of relaxation is chopping cedar on his ranch or mountain biking through rough terrain, all in 100-degree-plus temperatures in dusty Texas where crickets are known to roast on the summer pavement. He seems to relish the idea of exposing aides and reporters to the hothouse environment.”Obama, on the other hand, has traveled to Hawaii every winter. The Obama daughters are vacationing at the Atlantis Resort in the Bahamas this week with a full Secret Service detail, as Breitbart News reported, even as the White House claimed they could not afford to pay Secret Service agents to continue the popular White House tours for other students who are on their spring vacations in Washington, D.C. The Obamas have gone to Martha’s Vineyard multiple times while the country was in recession and Americans were struggling to find jobs. Michelle Obama has taken a whirlwind trip to Spain and a ski trip to Aspen. Obama took 13 vacations in his first term, which spanned all or part of 83 days. But they have been much more lavish than Bush’s. His annual vacations to Hawaii alone have cost taxpayers at least $20 million during his first term. In 2011 alone, Michelle Obama may have cost taxpayers $10 million on vacations herself. Obama’s fantasy golf outing this year cost local law enforcement in Florida a reported $78, 205. Bush was content to work from home during his vacations. And for doing so, the mainstream media tagged him as lazy and disinterested. The Obamas gallivant around, making plenty of “time for fun,” and the mainstream media does not call them out for wasting taxpayer dollars or even for the terrible “optics.”MediaMainstream MediaSpainWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsYou want to know why Hillary Clinton is leading among all Democrats by huge margins? It is simple: She is the only Democrat big enough to separate from President Obama in 2016 and still win a general election. You can't name anybody else who can do that.Why would any Democrat want to do that? It is simple: Because even 3 years from now, we are still going to have a shitty economy. President Obama's legacy on the economy is pretty much set: slow, middling growth coupled with vast inequality and poverty. Eight more years of treading water is hard sell. You'd have to be an idiot to run on the Obama economic record. For any other Democrat, there will be no avoiding it.The cyclic nature of politics should mean the tide is against us. Add to that a Democratic Party that is still afraid of its own shadow, and we shouldn't expect any bold policy initiatives that will fix our crap economy. The only thing saving us in a national election is three things:1. Demographics.
2. The Republican Party is fucking crazy.
3. Hillary.And that's the truth, Ruth.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Inside look at federal wasteWhile the Obama administration says automatic spending cuts will mean budget pain for Americans everywhere, lawmakers say the government is sitting on more than enough money to soften the blow.The sequester is expected to take a $85 billion bite out of the fiscal 2013 budget, though only half of that impact is expected to be felt this year. But lawmakers say the government already has $45 billion in unspent money which could be used to offset the shortfall"There are pots of money sitting in different departments across the federal government, that have been authorized over either ... a number of months or a number of years," Rep. Tom Price, R-Ga., said.Fresh legislation would authorize that money, which hasn't yet been spent, to be used elsewhere.Price introduced that legislation Tuesday along with Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla. It would require the director of the White House budget office to rescind funds that haven't yet been obligated. "Washington's reckless spending culture has produced this situation where hundreds of billions of dollars are borrowed and then left unspent because Congress routinely bites off more than it can chew," Rubio said in a statement.Republican Sen. Tom Coburn has also identified several programs at the Pentagon he'd set aside, including a video called "grill sergeants" in which the instructors show their favorite recipes; money for a plan to send a space ship to another solar system; funds to find advancements in beef jerky from France; and $6 billion on questionable research, including what lessons about democracy and decision-making could be learned -- from fish.Coburn and others also refer to what they call "duplication nation" -- dozens of programs intended for the same purpose."There are 50 different literacy agencies, 100 different programs focused on science, tech and engineering," Sen. John Barrasso, R-Wyo., said.Nevertheless, one Democrat mocked those who argue Washington should cut back the way families do."Can't we just cut 2 percent just like American families?" said Sen. Barbara Mikulski, D-Md., echoing the question posed repeatedly by GOP lawmakers. "American families don't run prisons. They don't build their own roads. They don't have to put out their own local police department."Though Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano argues the sequester threatens border security, Citizens Against Government Waste President Tom Schatz says the department has $9 billion dollars in unspent preparedness funds.He also cited one government study that found 47 job training programs across the federal government.Further, critics point to $90,000 spent to upgrade security at a spring training site in Arizona for professional baseball teams.Then there's allegations of waste at the General Services Administration. The agency, which runs federal properties, won notoriety when a regional director famously memorialized a lavish government-paid trip to Vegas with a photo of himself in a hot tub.But aside from the money spent on conferences, lawmakers note that many buildings in the GSA inventory go unused.In 2010, President Obama said GSA had roughly $15 billion in property that should be sold by 2014. Only a portion has been so far. As of January 2012, the administration claimed they had reduced real property spending by $2.4 billion from the sale of underutilized federal properties and better management.Some lawmakers hope that the panic over the sequester, which will hit Friday absent any congressional intervention, will force a closer look at wasteful spending.Fox News' Jim Angle contributed to this report. Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Donya Nasser thought she had maxed out on federal student loans going into her freshman year of college. Unaware that her mother was eligible for a federal Parent PLUS loan, Nasser took out a private loan for $14,000."We ended up getting a private loan because we just didn't understand the process, because my mom hadn't gone to college before," says Nasser, a junior at St. John's University.Nasser learned a year later that her mother could have taken out a federal Parent PLUS loan at a much lower interest rate, a miscommunication that will likely cost her thousands of dollars.The Department of Education is launching a new initiative this fall to help students like Nasser avoid those types of missteps. In this case, the Obama administration will be focusing on the other end of the process: repayment.The department will soon begin proactively reaching out to struggling student borrowers to make them aware of the various federal repayment and forgiveness programs available to them."Even as we work to bring down costs for current and future students, we have got to offer students who already have debt the chance to actually repay it," President Obama said during a speech at the University of Buffalo in August, when he announced an array of policy initiatives to lower the cost of college.There are currently about 1.6 million students enrolled in income-based repayment programs, which allow borrowers to pay back their loans as a percentage of their disposable income. At the same time, 2.1 million borrowers are in default, many of which might have been eligible for a federal program."I think a big majority of students don't know about paying back their loans or programs that are out there because we never see the information on campus," says Joshua Carter, a junior at the University of Texas at El Paso who will graduate with $30,000 in loans.Greg Young, a 28-year-old doctoral student at the University of Buffalo, was thinking about applying to a federal repayment program after he graduated from the College of Saint Rose in 2007."Frankly, I was really confused in trying to figure out which one was the best, and I wasn't sure where I could get some advice on it," he says.Young was able to defer his loans because he went back to school, but will probably need a federal repayment program to help pay off his $40,000 of debt."I think this education campaign is really great because I don't think the information is out there," Young says about the Obama administration's new outreach.Betsy Mayotte, director of regulatory compliance at the non-profit American Student Assistance, says that informing borrowers about repayment options is only half the battle.The process of applying to a repayment program can be cumbersome, she says, and the Department of Education simply doesn't have the resources to guide everyone through it.Nasser says she might want to apply for a repayment or forgiveness program but doesn't have the "slightest clue" where to start."Especially if you are a first-generation student, you don't ever go through a workshop that explains to you, this is how you are going to pay for college," she says.By being proactive instead of reactive, the Department of Education hopes to help struggling students avoid defaulting or paying more than is necessary.Mayotte just hopes the e-mails and phone calls don't get lost in transmission."Borrowers that are past due get a ton of phone calls and they get a ton of mail, and a lot of the time they don't answer the phone and they don't open the mail," Mayotte says.Jonathan Dame is a senior at Boston College. Thousands of union workers, community activists and a smattering of politicians rallied Tuesday evening on the Near West Side to "take back Chicago" and send a message to Mayor Rahm Emanuel and what they dubbed his "corporate, greedy, elitist friends." At a fancy theater in the Loop, Emanuel joined a national TV news host to discuss politics and the state of the union in front of about 600 people who paid to hear him at a Chicago Ideas Week event sponsored by a private equity firm that boasts of having invested billions of dollars. The two events offered a clear study in contrasts in Chicago politics: like-minded folks meeting in a controlled setting to see a self-styled reform mayor engage in political repartee versus a raucous gathering of activists promoting a populist, anti-administration agenda. It also offered a potential early blueprint of the opposition platform to the mayor in 2015, assuming a contender emerges to take on a highly skilled politician who had $5.1 million in his campaign fund to start October. Brandon Johnson, an organizer with the Chicago Teachers Union, fired up the rally crowd at the University of Illinois at Chicago Forum, saying the 35 union and neighborhood groups were there to send a message to "the mayor of this city and his corporate, greedy elitist friends that this city belongs to the people in this room. Black people, brown people, poor people, working-class people." A parade of speakers, including Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn, lined up to deliver their populist themes. They promoted a $15-an-hour minimum wage and a graduated state income tax with higher rates for wealthy people. The populist themes are familiar to the re-election-seeking Quinn, who repeated his vow to raise the state's minimum wage and recounted his days as an organizer, when he founded the Citizens Utility Board, a consumer watchdog group. "You don't get changes from the big shots on top of the power heap," Quinn said. "It bubbles up from grass-roots community leaders, everyday people banding together for a cause they believe in." Nursing home worker Francine Rico decried having to support her son and elderly mother on just $14 an hour while having to pay the same state income-tax rate as a wealthy person. "Why should a banker or corporate executive making over a million each year pay the same flat income taxes as a single mom making just $15,000 a year?" Rico said. "That's not right." Downtown, the crowd at the Cadillac Palace Theatre was treated to thumping pop tunes and political demographic multiple-choice trivia questions on a screen as they waited for the mayor to emerge. Emanuel was joined by David Gregory, who hosts NBC's "Meet the Press", to discuss politics one-on-one. The mayor found a receptive crowd during the 30-minute interview. He received applause when he mentioned his push for tougher gun laws and the city's program to give young people summer jobs. Attendees laughed along when Emanuel talked about O'Hare as a world-class airport, "weather permitting." It was one of the numerous $15-a-pop events that make up Ideas Week, started in 2011 by venture capitalist Brad Keywell, who helped launch Groupon. Ideas Week started Monday, when the mayor hosted a Divvy bike ride and lunch. Speakers at the rally had their own ideas, like having the Chicago Public Schools board elected, rather than appointed by the mayor. The crowd cheered video footage of last year's Chicago Teachers Union strike. Also singled out for criticism was the mayor's closing of six mental health clinics as part of a broader privatization effort. Tribune reporter Hal Dardick contributed. jebyrne@tribune.com mcgarcia@tribune.comCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune Here's a snippet from her floor speech introducing the bill.“Big banks get a great deal when they borrow money from the Fed,” Senator Warren continued. “In effect, the American taxpayer is investing in those banks. We should make the same kind of investment in our young people who are trying to get an education. Lend them the money and make them to pay it back, but give our kids a break on the interest they pay. Let’s Bank on Students… Unlike the big banks, students don’t have armies of lobbyists and lawyers. They have only their voices. And they call on us to do what is right.”Add your voice. Please click here to tell your senators to cosponsor the Bank On Student Loan Fairness Act.AdvertisementSupported byBy Al BakerPresident Obama on Friday visited the innovative Brooklyn high school he praised in his State of the Union address this year, to deliver a message about the urgency of education reform in the global economy.Mr. Obama, dressed in shirt sleeves, was showered with cheers by the visibly energized students and a cadre of New York politicians as he took the podium at Pathways in Technology Early College High School. “Hello Brooklyn,” he said, before starting into his argument for creating more schools like the one he was visiting, casting them as essential in preparing the next generation for competition in a shrinking world marketplace.“This country should be doing everything in our power to give more kids the chance to go to schools just like this one,” the president said, calling the school, known as P-Tech, a ticket into the middle class.“In previous generations, America’s standing economically was so much higher than everybody else’s that we didn’t have a lot of competition,” he added. “Now, you’ve got billions of people from Beijing to Bangalore to Moscow, all of whom are competing with you directly. And they’re — those countries are working every day, to out-educate and outcompete us.”Mr. Obama’s wish list included preschool availability for every 4-year-old in the United States, access for every student to a high-speed Internet connection, lower college costs, redesigned high schools that teach the skills needed in a high-tech economy and greater investment in teachers. Some said they heard in his words a boost for the new, more rigorous academic standards that have been adopted around the nation, known as the Common Core, as he praised Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and others as having courage for raising standards for teachers. “We should stay at it,” he said.At one point, Mr. Obama zeroed in on Congress, imploring it to “do something” on education. One way to start, he said, was by “passing a budget that reflects our need to invest in our young people.”He made a few sharper comments as well, referring to the recent government shutdown as a “manufactured crisis,” and suggesting that every member of Congress come to Brooklyn, to see P-Tech and to meet its students. “If you think education is expensive,” he said at one point, “wait until you see how much ignorance costs.”The crowd applauded.Mr. Obama made his way to the school, in the borough where he once lived, after Marine One touched down in the shared outfield of a series of baseball fields in Prospect Park, kicking up a large cloud of dust and debris, and at least one gray T-shirt. Senator Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of New York, was there to greet the president, and the two rode together to the high school, in the Crown Heights neighborhood. In his State of the Union address, Mr. Obama had said, “We need to give every American student opportunities like this.” It was a reference to the way P-Tech’s students are given both high school and college curriculums in a six-year program that is tailored for a job in the technology industry. When the first of those students graduate, in 2017, they are expected to have associate degrees in applied science, computer information systems or electromechanical engineering, having followed a course of studies developed in consultation with I.B.M.In 2012, five P-Tech-styled schools opened in Chicago, in collaboration with companies like Microsoft, Motorola and Verizon. This year, two more schools modeled on P-Tech opened in New York City, with three more expected to open next year.After his speech, Mr. Obama stopped at a Junior’s restaurant, on Flatbush Avenue, entering with Bill de Blasio, the Democratic nominee for mayor, and shaking hands with employees and patrons. “Do you know your next mayor here?” the president asked, before ordering two cheesecakes, one plain and one strawberry.All the excitement of a presidential visit aside, the education historian Diane Ravitch said the day’s events perhaps concealed a subtle truth: The federal government has “never had a large role in public education,” and provides a razor-thin portion of its overall revenues.In fact, Ms. Ravitch pointed out that the federal Education Department “is prohibited by law from interfering with curriculum or instruction.”6 PhotosView Slide Show ›On the streets around P-Tech, though, no one seemed to note that fact. Hours before Mr. Obama arrived, the signs of preparation were in evidence: Streets scrubbed clean, stray cars towed and metal barricades erected.And Kiambu Gall, 16, was wearing brand-new shoes.“Man, Obama’s coming,” Mr. Gall said as he stood with a half-a-dozen classmates on the corner of Albany Avenue and Bergen Street outside the school. “Who else can say that?” he asked, displaying gleaming, blue-and-gray leather boat shoes. “What other students can say, ‘He came to our school.’ ” It was roughly three hours before Mr. Obama came to make his pitch, from a lectern in the gymnasium. But Mr. Gall and his fellow 11th-graders, among the lucky students picked to meet the president in a math class, were recounting their preparatory drills.Radcliffe Saddler, 16, was assigned to introduce the president. (He had a haircut for the occasion and got a hug from Mr. Obama, at the podium.) Leslieanne John, 16, who plans to become a lawyer and who was chosen to sing the national anthem, was reciting her mother’s advice: “Set your eyes on one point and don’t mess up the words.”Spencer Jones, 15, still wondered what to say to Mr. Obama.“Something like, he should make more schools like ours,” he said.Hours later, at a fund-raiser in Manhattan, the president was still talking about his afternoon at P-Tech and the optimism he saw among the students. “That’s what Washington should be about every single day,” he said. AdvertisementWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsDonya Nasser thought she had maxed out on federal student loans going into her freshman year of college. Unaware that her mother was eligible for a federal Parent PLUS loan, Nasser took out a private loan for $14,000."We ended up getting a private loan because we just didn't understand the process, because my mom hadn't gone to college before," says Nasser, a junior at St. John's University.Nasser learned a year later that her mother could have taken out a federal Parent PLUS loan at a much lower interest rate, a miscommunication that will likely cost her thousands of dollars.The Department of Education is launching a new initiative this fall to help students like Nasser avoid those types of missteps. In this case, the Obama administration will be focusing on the other end of the process: repayment.The department will soon begin proactively reaching out to struggling student borrowers to make them aware of the various federal repayment and forgiveness programs available to them."Even as we work to bring down costs for current and future students, we have got to offer students who already have debt the chance to actually repay it," President Obama said during a speech at the University of Buffalo in August, when he announced an array of policy initiatives to lower the cost of college.There are currently about 1.6 million students enrolled in income-based repayment programs, which allow borrowers to pay back their loans as a percentage of their disposable income. At the same time, 2.1 million borrowers are in default, many of which might have been eligible for a federal program."I think a big majority of students don't know about paying back their loans or programs that are out there because we never see the information on campus," says Joshua Carter, a junior at the University of Texas at El Paso who will graduate with $30,000 in loans.Greg Young, a 28-year-old doctoral student at the University of Buffalo, was thinking about applying to a federal repayment program after he graduated from the College of Saint Rose in 2007."Frankly, I was really confused in trying to figure out which one was the best, and I wasn't sure where I could get some advice on it," he says.Young was able to defer his loans because he went back to school, but will probably need a federal repayment program to help pay off his $40,000 of debt."I think this education campaign is really great because I don't think the information is out there," Young says about the Obama administration's new outreach.Betsy Mayotte, director of regulatory compliance at the non-profit American Student Assistance, says that informing borrowers about repayment options is only half the battle.The process of applying to a repayment program can be cumbersome, she says, and the Department of Education simply doesn't have the resources to guide everyone through it.Nasser says she might want to apply for a repayment or forgiveness program but doesn't have the "slightest clue" where to start."Especially if you are a first-generation student, you don't ever go through a workshop that explains to you, this is how you are going to pay for college," she says.By being proactive instead of reactive, the Department of Education hopes to help struggling students avoid defaulting or paying more than is necessary.Mayotte just hopes the e-mails and phone calls don't get lost in transmission."Borrowers that are past due get a ton of phone calls and they get a ton of mail, and a lot of the time they don't answer the phone and they don't open the mail," Mayotte says.Jonathan Dame is a senior at Boston College.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsAdvertisementSupported byBy Paul KrugmanMuch of the media commentary on President Obama’s big inequality speech was cynical. You know the drill: it’s yet another “reboot” that will go nowhere; none of it will have any effect on policy, and so on. But before we talk about the speech’s possible political impact or lack thereof, shouldn’t we look at the substance? Was what the president said true? Was it new? If the answer to these questions is yes — and it is — then what he said deserves a serious hearing.And once you realize that, you also realize that the speech may matter a lot more than the cynics imagine.First, about those truths: Mr. Obama laid out a disturbing — and, unfortunately, all too accurate — vision of an America losing touch with its own ideals, an erstwhile land of opportunity becoming a class-ridden society. Not only do we have an ever-growing gap between a wealthy minority and the rest of the nation; we also, he declared, have declining mobility, as it becomes harder and harder for the poor and even the middle class to move up the economic ladder. And he linked rising inequality with falling mobility, asserting that Horatio Alger stories are becoming rare precisely because the rich and the rest are now so far apart.This isn’t entirely new terrain for Mr. Obama. What struck me about this speech, however, was what he had to say about the sources of rising inequality. Much of our political and pundit class remains devoted to the notion that rising inequality, to the extent that it’s an issue at all, is all about workers lacking the right skills and education. But the president now seems to accept progressive arguments that education is at best one of a number of concerns, that America’s growing class inequality largely reflects political choices, like the failure to raise the minimum wage along with inflation and productivity.And because the president was willing to assign much of the blame for rising inequality to bad policy, he was also more forthcoming than in the past about ways to change the nation’s trajectory, including a rise in the minimum wage, restoring labor’s bargaining power, and strengthening, not weakening, the safety net.And there was this: “When it comes to our budget, we should not be stuck in a stale debate from two years ago or three years ago.  A relentlessly growing deficit of opportunity is a bigger threat to our future than our rapidly shrinking fiscal deficit.” Finally! Our political class has spent years obsessed with a fake problem — worrying about debt and deficits that never posed any threat to the nation’s future — while showing no interest in unemployment and stagnating wages. Mr. Obama, I’m sorry to say, bought into that diversion. Now, however, he’s moving on.Still, does any of this matter? The conventional pundit wisdom of the moment is that Mr. Obama’s presidency has run aground, even that he has become irrelevant. But this is silly. In fact, it’s silly in at least three ways.First, much of the current conventional wisdom involves extrapolating from Obamacare’s shambolic start, and assuming that things will be like that for the next three years. They won’t. HealthCare.gov is working much better, people are signing up in growing numbers, and the whole mess is already receding in the rear-view mirror. Second, Mr. Obama isn’t running for re-election. At this point, he needs to be measured not by his poll numbers but by his achievements, and his health reform, which represents a major strengthening of America’s social safety net, is a huge achievement. He’ll be considered one of our most important presidents as long as he can defend that achievement and fend off attempts to tear down other parts of the safety net, like food stamps. And by making a powerful, cogent case that we need a stronger safety net to preserve opportunity in an age of soaring inequality, he’s setting himself up for exactly such a defense.Finally, ideas matter, even if they can’t be turned into legislation overnight. The wrong turn we’ve taken in economic policy — our obsession with debt and “entitlements,” when we should have been focused on jobs and opportunity — was, of course, driven in part by the power of wealthy vested interests. But it wasn’t just raw power. The fiscal scolds also benefited from a sort of ideological monopoly: for several years you just weren’t considered serious in Washington unless you worshipped at the altar of Simpson and Bowles.Now, however, we have the president of the United States breaking ranks, finally sounding like the progressive many of his supporters thought they were backing in 2008. This is going to change the discourse — and, eventually, I believe, actual policy.So don’t believe the cynics. This was an important speech by a president who can still make a very big difference. AdvertisementWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartI have seen more powerful men than Barack Obama fall. I worked in South Africa during Thabo Mbeki’s presidency, when the ruling African National Congress (ANC) won 70% of the vote and earned the power to change his country’s constitution unilaterally. In 2005, I watched from the gallery as he told Parliament he was dismissing his deputy, Jacob Zuma, over allegations of corruption stemming from a lucrative arms deal.Two years later, Mbeki was ousted by his party and forced to resign his presidency of the country. Zuma is now president, and the ruling party is both fractured by rivalries and weakened by the growing strength of the opposition Democratic Alliance. The growing current of dissent in South Africa is not, primarily, over principles or policies but over clashes over the spoils of power in a time of economic stagnation and turmoil.President Obama holds unprecedented sway over his own party–and yet the first signs of internal tension are already bursting into the open. The news that he has turned his campaign into a permanent, non-profit organizing outfit to push for his policies has been greeted with frustration by members of the Democratic National Committee, who see the new “Organizing for Action” group as a competitor for fundraising dollars and power.The Hill reports on the open dissatisfaction at the DNC: DNC members said they were caught off guard when the leaders of the president’s reelection team announced Obama for America was morphing into Organizing for Action (OFA), a nonprofit group that can take unlimited “soft money” donations….While the new group will seek to go toe to toe with GOP outside groups like Crossroads GPS, some Democrats aren’t pleased that Obama didn’t fold his powerful grassroots operation back into the DNC.The looming fights over spending, deficits and debts also threatens the coalition that re-elected President Obama. The Obama administration designed a sequester whose non-defense cuts would scare as many voters and interest groups as possible. It expected that sequester to be canceled; now there is a strong chance that it may go through. If it does, interest groups and lobbies may find themselves fighting each other–and Obama.Many of the president’s strongest backers were prepared to wait until the election was over to demand their money’s worth. Hollywood, for example, watched the defeat of the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) in frustration–and patiently waited for Obama to return to office. Now, having won its tax benefits in the fiscal cliff talks, it may revive SOPA again.Yet it will have to compete with other interest groups in the Democrats’ coalition, who believe that the president was not aggressive enough in his first term and are no longer willing to accept the idea that compromise with Republicans is necessary. The rush to redeem promises made by Obama to each of these constituencies will likely increase friction within Democratic ranks–just as Republicans are pressing their case on debt.That is why the most important opposition to Obama may come from within–some on matters of principle, such as the loose alliance of liberal and pro-Israel groups opposing Chuck Hagel’s nomination for Secretary of Defense; and others on pure self-interest. Republican opposition will still be critical, especially given the effective veto the House still holds. But it will likely be given a boost by Democrats’ own greed and impatience.PoliticsCongressDefenseDNC.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byBy Joe NoceraWashingtonOn Thursday, the Capitol was full of happy people. The trauma of the 112th Congress — which ended 36 hours after yet another frenzied round of kick-the-financial-can — was starting to lift. It was a new day. Hope sprang eternal.The new Congress was being sworn in. The 14 new senators and 84 new members of Congress walked around the Capitol in a giddy daze. Everywhere you looked, you saw family and friends and supporters who had come to Washington to celebrate their victory. They couldn’t stop smiling.In the Speaker’s Lobby, where reporters buttonhole members of Congress as they make their way to the House floor, I spoke to Ann McLane Kuster, a new Democratic congresswoman from New Hampshire. “What makes you think the new Congress will function any better than the previous one?” I asked. “The voters have instructed us to solve problems,” she replied firmly.Tom Rice, a new Republican congressman from South Carolina, said, “I would like to try to push the country forward.” But you didn’t have to drill down very far to learn that Rice’s definition of moving the country forward was very different from Kuster’s. Rice favors a balanced budget amendment; Kuster wants higher taxes for the wealthy.I bumped into Hawaii’s new senator, Brian Schatz, who replaced the late Daniel Inouye toward the end of the last Congressional session. “The fiscal-cliff vote shows that it is possible to have a bipartisan vote,” he actually said.If only.What the fiscal cliff vote showed, in fact, is just how rudderless and polarized Washington has become. The only way Congress could end the last debt-ceiling crisis was by creating a cliff so steep — with its combination of tax increases and deep spending cuts — that both parties would be forced to find an acceptable middle ground.Instead, they punted again. Though President Obama got a watered-down version of his tax hikes for the wealthy, the spending cuts were pushed off into the future, infuriating many Republicans. Because Republicans will no longer negotiate with Obama, he had to outsource the negotiations to his vice president, Joe Biden. Speaker John Boehner was humiliated by his own party, of which two-thirds voted against the deal in the House. Mitch McConnell, the Senate minority leader, quickly promised a new fight over the next debt-ceiling vote.That’s less than two months away. After which, we’ll hit the fiscal cliff — again. They say the definition of insanity is repeating the same action, and expecting a different result. By that measure, Congress has lost its mind.“Where is the leadership?” asked Howard Schultz, the chief executive of Starbucks, echoing the sentiment of much of the country. Schultz had been trying for months to rouse the country into thinking hard about why our political system has run aground. “We can’t do this too many more times,” he said, referring to crises like the fiscal cliff. “We are sapping the country’s spirit. Our political system is broken.” He blamed, among other things, the practice of gerrymandering and the big money flowing into campaigns.He’s right. The incentives to put country over party have vanished. Elected officials who cross party leaders get stripped of their committee assignments — as happened to four Republican legislators this week who were not viewed as “team players.” The combination of gerrymandered districts and a primary system that empowers a small coterie of party hard-liners has meant that representatives and senators who don’t toe the party line get booted out of office. Mickey Edwards, the former congressman from Oklahoma, has written a book, “The Parties Versus The People,” in which he proposes that we move to an open primary system, where all candidates, of every persuasion, run — with the top two finishers facing off in the general election. That would help loosen the grip party extremists now have on their representatives.Thursday night, after I got home, I had a phone conversation with Scott Rigell, a Virginia Republican who first won election in 2010 by campaigning as a modern-day fiscal conservative. That is to say, he believed, as he told me, “that we have a spending problem not a revenue problem.”But after he got to Congress, he dug deeper, and came to what he calls “a data-driven, analytic conclusion.” Namely: spending cuts alone could not eliminate the deficit. The country needed more tax revenue as well. He showed his data to everyone he could on his side of the aisle. They nodded politely and continued to insist on not raising taxes. Rigell did not revert back, however. “We have to have the courage to critique and refine our own platform,” he said. “That isn’t weakness. It is intellectual honesty.”I asked him if he had been punished by leadership for his courageous views. “No,” he said.Give them time, I thought.AdvertisementPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.“Jack Lew must never be Secretary of Treasury,” said Mr. Sessions in a statement. “His testimony before the Senate Budget Committee less than two years ago was so outrageous and false that it alone disqualifies.”On Feb. 13, 2011, Mr. Lew appeared on CNN’s State of the Union with Candy Crowley and said of Mr. Obama’s proposed budget:Our budget will get us, over the next several years, to the point where we can look the American people in the eye and say we’re not adding to the debt anymore; we’re spending money that we have each year, and then we can work on bringing down our national debt.During Senate testimony, Mr. Sessions blasted Mr. Lew’s false statement and said he was “flatly in error”:Lew, who is a former director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), has at times displayed a striking level of ignorance over how the budgetary process operates.During the Crowley interview, Mr. Lew said that the reason Mr. Obama has failed to pass a budget in the Senate is because such bills can be filibustered. But as anyone familiar with the process knows, budgets are considered “privileged,” meaning they do not require a filibuster-proof majority 60 votes and can instead be passed with a simple majority.Mr. Lew repeated the elementary error to NBC’s David Gregory. “One of the things about the United States Senate that I think the American people don’t realize,” said Mr. Lew confidently, “is that it takes 60 votes, not 50, to pass something.”One would think the former head of OMB–the nation’s top budget post–would know how the budget process works. But apparently Mr. Lew does not.Now, Mr. Lew has been nominated to become Treasury Secretary of the United States in the worst economy since the Great Depression. That, says Mr. Sessions, cannot happen:It’s time for a Secretary of Treasury to look the American people in the eye and lay out an economic plan for America that will end our debt path that has endangered our future and which will find support among the American people and the world’s financial community. Far from being a positive force towards this essential good, Mr. Lew has given priority to the political interests of the President, in whose White House inner circle he has now served for several years.At this time of unprecedented slow growth, high unemployment, and huge deficits, we need a Secretary of Treasury that the American people, the Congress, and the world will know is up to the task of getting America on the path to prosperity not the path to decline. Jack Lew is not that man.Questions have also emerged over a $950,000 bonus Mr. Lew received in 2009 in his role as chief operating officer of Citigroup’s Alternative Investments unit–a group that bet billions against homeowners paying their mortgages. Mr. Obama has previously railed against “obscene” Wall Street bonuses wherein “fat cats” get “awarded for their failure.” Still, Mr. Lew took the money.In a letter to Mr. Lew, Sen. Chuck Grassley asked, “How is it in the public’s interest for you to receive a $1 million bonus on the eve of a massive $301 billion commitment to rescue Citigroup?”Mr. Lew’s response: “My position at Citi was a management position. I was not an investment adviser. My compensation was in line with other management executives at the firm and in similarly complex operations.”It is presently unknown whether Mr. Sessions plans to filibuster the Jack Lew nomination.PoliticsJack LewJeff SessionsSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News A man who spent a lifetime putting his name on things is rebranding himself as a number, and marketing experts are intrigued.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALIf you're smart, like the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee, you say nothing (at least so far). Why rub salt in the wounds of your strongest supporters? But if you're the guys at the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, you ask them to cheer louder. In an email blast:Instead of compromising to get solutions on the budget, NRCC Chairman Greg Walden outrageously attacked parts of President Obama’s budget proposal that were included at the demand of Republicans."But the DCCC isn't the only one stepping off the cliff with the president. The Democratic Governor's Association decided to play lemming as well.On the other side, Paul Ryan and House Republicans have a budget that spends your hard-earned money on tax breaks for the wealthiest, ends Medicare and Social Security as we know them, and slashes other critical programs.Stand with us in supporting President Obama’s budget and say no to Paul Ryan’s disaster of a plan.You wouldn't. A Social Security cut is a Social Security cut, no matter who proposes it. Heck, it's worse when proposed by Democrats. Republicans are assholes. We expect them to slash the safety net. But Democrats? If we stand for anything at all, we stand for taking care of each other.Sign this petition telling the DCCC and the DGA that that that's what we should be standing for. Not Obama's cut-Social Security budget. Bob Woodward (woodwardb@washpost.com) is an associate editor of The Post. His latest book is “The Price of Politics.” Evelyn M. Duffy contributed to this column. Misunderstanding, misstatements and all the classic contortions of partisan message management surround the sequester, the term for the $85 billion in ugly and largely irrational federal spending cuts set by law to begin Friday.What is the non-budget wonk to make of this? Who is responsible? What really happened? The finger-pointing began during the third presidential debate last fall, on Oct. 22, when President Obama blamed Congress. “The sequester is not something that I’ve proposed,” Obama said. “It is something that Congress has proposed.”The White House chief of staff at the time, Jack Lew, who had been budget director during the negotiations that set up the sequester in 2011, backed up the president two days later.“There was an insistence on the part of Republicans in Congress for there to be some automatic trigger,” Lew said while campaigning in Florida. It “was very much rooted in the Republican congressional insistence that there be an automatic measure.”The president and Lew had this wrong. My extensive reporting for my book “The Price of Politics” shows that the automatic spending cuts were initiated by the White House and were the brainchild of Lew and White House congressional relations chief Rob Nabors — probably the foremost experts on budget issues in the senior ranks of the federal government.Obama personally approved of the plan for Lew and Nabors to propose the sequester to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.). They did so at 2:30 p.m. July 27, 2011, according to interviews with two senior White House aides who were directly involved.Nabors has told others that they checked with the president before going to see Reid. A mandatory sequester was the only action-forcing mechanism they could devise. Nabors has said, “We didn’t actually think it would be that hard to convince them” — Reid and the Republicans — to adopt the sequester. “It really was the only thing we had. There was not a lot of other options left on the table.”A majority of Republicans did vote for the Budget Control Act that summer, which included the sequester. Key Republican staffers said they didn’t even initially know what a sequester was — because the concept stemmed from the budget wars of the 1980s, when they were not in government. At the Feb. 13 Senate Finance Committee hearing on Lew’s nomination to become Treasury secretary, Sen. Richard Burr (R-N.C.) asked Lew about the account in my book: “Woodward credits you with originating the plan for sequestration. Was he right or wrong?”“It’s a little more complicated than that,” Lew responded, “and even in his account, it was a little more complicated than that. We were in a negotiation where the failure would have meant the default of the government of the United States.”“Did you make the suggestion?” Burr asked.“Well, what I did was said that with all other options closed, we needed to look for an option where we could agree on how to resolve our differences. And we went back to the 1984 plan that Senator [Phil] Gramm and Senator [Warren] Rudman worked on and said that that would be a basis for having a consequence that would be so unacceptable to everyone that we would be able to get action.”In other words, yes.But then Burr asked about the president’s statement during the presidential debate, that the Republicans originated it.Lew, being a good lawyer and a loyal presidential adviser, then shifted to denial mode: “Senator, the demand for an enforcement mechanism was not something that the administration was pushing at that moment.”That statement was not accurate.On Tuesday, Obama appeared at the White House with a group of police officers and firefighters to denounce the sequester as a “meat-cleaver approach” that would jeopardize military readiness and investments in education, energy and readiness. He also said it would cost jobs. But, the president said, the substitute would have to include new revenue through tax reform.At noon that same day, White House press secretary Jay Carney shifted position and accepted sequester paternity. “The sequester was something that was discussed,” Carney said. Walking back the earlier statements, he added carefully, “and as has been reported, it was an idea that the White House put forward.”This was an acknowledgment that the president and Lew had been wrong.Why does this matter? First, months of White House dissembling further eroded any semblance of trust between Obama and congressional Republicans. (The Republicans are by no means blameless and have had their own episodes of denial and bald-faced message management.) Second, Lew testified during his confirmation hearing that the Republicans would not go along with new revenue in the portion of the deficit-reduction plan that became the sequester. Reinforcing Lew’s point, a senior White House official said Friday, “The sequester was an option we were forced to take because the Republicans would not do tax increases.”In fact, the final deal reached between Vice President Biden and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) in 2011 included an agreement that there would be no tax increases in the sequester in exchange for what the president was insisting on: an agreement that the nation’s debt ceiling would be increased for 18 months, so Obama would not have to go through another such negotiation in 2012, when he was running for reelection.So when the president asks that a substitute for the sequester include not just spending cuts but also new revenue, he is moving the goal posts. His call for a balanced approach is reasonable, and he makes a strong case that those in the top income brackets could and should pay more. But that was not the deal he made. Read more from PostOpinions:  Bob Woodward: Time for our leaders to delegate on the budget  Robert J. Samuelson: The lowdown on Lew  Jennifer Rubin: Jack Lew’s truth problem  Eugene Robinson: The sequester madness We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.The afterglow of President Obama’s reelection and inauguration appears to have vanished as increasingly negative views among Americans about his stewardship of the economy have forced his public approval rating back down to the 50 percent mark, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll. In December, just after he won a second term, Obama held an 18-percentage-point advantage over congressional Republicans on the question of whom the public trusted more to deal with the economy. Now, it’s a far more even split — 44 percent to 40 percent, with a slight edge for the president — but the share of those saying they have confidence in “neither” has ticked up into double digits. The poll contains ample evidence of the disillusionment voters feel toward both sides amid a sense of continuing dysfunction in Washington, which since December has been grappling with fiscal crises and deadlines of its own making. Almost two weeks into the automatic across-the-board budget cuts known as the sequester, a slim majority of Americans dis­approve of the reductions. At the same time, nearly three-quarters say they are feeling no impact on their lives, and fewer than half expect a toll on their family finances if the cuts continue.Still, large majorities expect that the sequester will eventually damage the economy, the military and the government’s ability to provide basic services. Most, 68 percent, say they would like the two sides to work together to come up with a deal to stop the cuts. The desire for cooperation is widely shared across party lines.Asked who is responsible for the sequester, 47 percent say Republicans in Congress and 33 percent say Obama.The poll suggests a closer divide on which side the public trusts in the battles over issues such as immigration and gun control — closer, perhaps, than the public’s policy preferences would indicate. Americans largely support the administration’s stand on new measures to curb gun violence, but on basic trust on the issue, the president and Republicans in Congress fare about evenly.Obama’s overall job-approval rating stands at 50 percent, down five points from before he took the oath of office in January. Looking along partisan lines, the slippage since then has been particularly pronounced among political independents. Two months ago, independents tilted clearly in his direction, with 54 percent approving and 41 percent disapproving. Now, half of independents express a negative opinion of the president’s performance; just 44 percent approve. The president has also seen an erosion in confidence among groups that he has counted as core supporters. Compared with a Post-ABC poll in December, the share of liberals who place their faith in Obama over Republicans when it comes to dealing with the economy is 14 points lower; there has been a 12-point slide among women. At 50 percent, Obama’s overall standing in the poll is lower than that of most other modern second-term presidents at this point in their terms. Of the seven second-term presidents who have been in office since Harry S. Truman, only George W. Bush had a positive rating as low as 50 percent at this stage.Obama and Bush share another similarity, one that describes what is arguably the most potent force shaping political decision-making in recent years: a deeply divided electorate. Among post-World War II presidents, Bush and Obama are the only ones to have led a nation as politically polarized as it is today. In both cases, there is a gap of more than 70 points between Democratic and Republican assessments of the president.Congress remains far lower than the president in public esteem, with only 16 percent approving of its performance and 80 percent disapproving. That negative feeling extends to both parties, with congressional Democrats registering a ratio of 34 percent favorable to 62 percent unfavorable sentiment; Republicans are lower still, at 24 to 72.The poll was conducted March 7 to 10 among a random sample of 1,001 adults. The full survey has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points.At a moment when the statistics — a booming stock market and surprising new strength in the job market — suggest a more vigorous economy, many Americans are not themselves seeing progress.Barely more than half of those surveyed say the economy has started its recovery. And after a brief foray into neutral territory, most Americans again give Obama negative marks on handling the economy. The personal assessments of the economy’s trajectory relate directly to Obama’s overall rating: Seventy-three percent of those who say they sense economic growth approve of the way the president is doing his job, and an identical 73 percent of those who don’t see a recovering economy disapprove of his performance in office.As they do on the economy, the president and the Republican opposition have rough parity on the question of who is better positioned on gun control, with Obama the choice of 42 percent and congressional Republicans, 41 percent.On immigration, Obama has a six-point advantage, with 45 percent saying they trust him more and 39 percent expressing greater confidence in the Republicans’ approach. The margin may be surprisingly slender, given big majority support for a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants and strong Latino support for Obama in the November election.Nor does the election seem to have produced a lasting consensus on which side is better equipped to figure out what government spending should be cut and what services preserved. When it comes to finding the right balance, 44 percent side with Republicans and 43 percent with the president.The poll also confirms one of the political verities of deficit reduction: People may want to see an end to red ink, but there is rarely public support for reductions in popular social programs to achieve it.Asked about alternatives to the automatic cuts now in place, 71 percent reject a reduction in Medicaid, the health insurance program for the poor, and 60 percent oppose raising the Medicare eligibility age from 65 to 67.There is broader but still limited support for slicing business tax deductions. Most, 56 percent, say they back limiting tax deductions for high-income earners as part of a path out of the sequester. Tax reform is often considered a quid pro quo for reining in entitlement spending, which is a long-term driver of deficit spending.A Post-ABC News poll last week found broad opposition to the across-the-board cuts to the military that started March 1 with the sequester, but there is majority support in the new survey for more targeted defense cuts. Cohen is director of polling for Capital Insight, the independent polling group of Washington Post Media. Capital Insight pollsters Peyton M. Craighill and Scott Clement contributed to this report. Discuss this topic and other political issues in the politics discussion forums. SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALPolitics.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
                          This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
                          or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
                          Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
                       It seems you clicked on a bad link and stumbled upon our 404 pageThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.Both Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton had significantly higher approval ratings at this point in their Presidencies. Reagan enjoyed a 58.7% approval rating, while Clinton’s approval was slightly lower, 56.3%. Gallup notes that Obama’s poll numbers more closely resemble George W. Bush and Harry Truman. Truman’s approval rating was 48.7%. Bush’s was slightly lower than Obama’s at 47.3%.Over the next three months, the 19th Quarter in office, every modern President has seen a decline in their approval ratings, with the exceptions of Reagan and Clinton. Both Presidents were presiding over a strong and growing economy. Obama will be presiding, at best, over a weak and stagnant economy. Obama faces particular challenges over the next three months, however. This Fall, Washington will be consumed with another fight over raising the nation’s debt ceiling and passing a budget. The last time Obama and Congress fought over the debt ceiling, his approval ratings fell to the lowest of his time in office, 41%. Also, in October a major piece of his ObamaCare law is scheduled to go into effect, the federal and state health insurance exchanges. As with any major government undertaking, there are likely going to be problems with the implementation. Massive problems, however, which are not unlikely, could further erode Obama’s approval. Obama’s challenge is that he is in a weak position to absorb those threats to his approval. Just a drop of a few points would put his approval in the low 40s. That is a weak position heading into an important election year, when the Democrats are at serious risk of losing control of the Senate. Senate Democrats would likely continue to chart their own course, moving themselves away from Obama and the White House. The success or failure of Obama’s second term may be decided this Fall.  PoliticsRonald ReaganSenateWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byEditorialPresident Obama has nominated one of the nation’s best lawyers, Mary Jo White, to be the next chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange Commission.Ms. White has a formidable record as a prosecutor from 1993 to 2002, when she was the United States attorney in the Southern District of New York. She also has a stellar reputation as a white-collar defense attorney at Debevoise & Plimpton, where she has been chief of litigation since 2002, representing several of the firms and executives that she would regulate at the S.E.C. Her résumé in the past decade has understandably alarmed advocates of financial reform, who fear that her work as a defender of Wall Street means that she is dangerously biased in favor of the banks and their deregulatory agenda. Her lack of a deep regulatory background is also a worry at a time when the agency’s top priority is to finish overdue rules to carry out the Dodd-Frank financial reform and other securities laws. Complicating matters further, her husband, John White, is also a corporate lawyer, at Cravath, Swaine & Moore, with his own long list of Wall Street clients. We understand these concerns but do not believe they are disqualifying. Ms. White is a worthy nominee, though clearly, the White House and Ms. White will have to address the conflicts of interest in her background frankly and persuasively. Equally important, she must be able to demonstrate in her confirmation hearing that she is not captive to the financial industry’s view of the world, which has dominated her recent professional life. The ethics and disclosure documents Ms. White has signed and that will be part of the nomination papers submitted to the Senate are a good start. They identify Ms. White’s recent former clients, including JPMorgan Chase, UBS, General Electric and Deloitte & Touche, among others. By law, Ms. White would have to recuse herself from S.E.C. enforcement decisions involving the clients, unless she is cleared to participate by ethics officials. The White House has indicated that the number of Ms. White’s potential recusals is not out of line with those of several other political appointees. The law does not require Ms. White to recuse herself from decisions on new rules that will affect her former clients because such rules do not apply to specific firms or individuals. Still, to earn and retain the public trust, it is crucial that she avoid the appearance of conflict in all S.E.C. matters. It is particularly important for senators at Ms. White’s confirmation hearing to ask how she plans to identify and analyze potential conflicts, and to make sure that her answers leave no doubt about her independence. The ethics letter also details changes to Mr. White’s law practice to avoid direct or apparent conflicts, like his pledge not to communicate directly with the S.E.C. while Ms. White is the chairwoman and restructuring his compensation at his law firm so that he is not rewarded for outcomes that rest on S.E.C. decisions. It could go further, like requiring Mr. White to give up his positions on various accounting advisory boards, since such issues are a central concern of the S.E.C.Most important, at the confirmation hearing Ms. White will have to explain her own goals, values and motives in taking the top S.E.C. job, including her regulatory priorities and her specific views on pending rules, including the Volcker rule to constrain bank speculation and rules on executive pay. Her qualities of toughness, tenacity and aggressiveness are just what the S.E.C. needs in a leader. The overarching question she must be asked — and that she must answer — is how she will use those qualities to advance the S.E.C.’s mission, which is to protect individual investors by ensuring that markets are transparent, well regulated and vigorously policed. AdvertisementWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.AdvertisementSupported byBy Maureen DowdWASHINGTONTHE graying man flashing fury in the Rose Garden on behalf of the Newtown families, the grieving man wiping away tears after speaking at the Boston memorial service, is not the same man who glided into office four years ago.President Obama has watched the blood-dimmed tide drowning the ceremony of innocence, as Yeats wrote, and he has learned how to emotionally connect with Americans in searing moments, as he did from the White House late Friday night after the second bombing suspect was apprehended in Boston.Unfortunately, he still has not learned how to govern.How is it that the president won the argument on gun safety with the public and lost the vote in the Senate? It’s because he doesn’t know how to work the system. And it’s clear now that he doesn’t want to learn, or to even hire some clever people who can tell him how to do it or do it for him.It’s unbelievable that with 90 percent of Americans on his side, he could get only 54 votes in the Senate. It was a glaring example of his weakness in using leverage to get what he wants. No one on Capitol Hill is scared of him. Even House Republicans who had no intention of voting for the gun bill marveled privately that the president could not muster 60 votes in a Senate that his party controls.President Obama thinks he can use emotion to bring pressure on Congress. But that’s not how adults with power respond to things. He chooses not to get down in the weeds and pretend he values the stroking and other little things that matter to lawmakers.After the Newtown massacre, he and his aides hashed it out and decided he would look cold and unsympathetic if he didn’t push for some new regulations. To thunderous applause at the State of the Union, the president said, “The families of Newtown deserve a vote.” Then, as usual, he took his foot off the gas, lost momentum and confided his pessimism to journalists.The White House had a defeatist mantra: This is tough. We need to do it. But we’re probably going to lose.When you go into a fight saying you’re probably going to lose, you’re probably going to lose. The president once more delegated to the vice president. Couldn’t he have come to the Hill himself to lobby with the families and Joe Biden?The White House should have created a war room full of charts with the names of pols they had to capture, like they had in “The American President.” Soaring speeches have their place, but this was about blocking and tackling.Instead of the pit-bull legislative aides in Aaron Sorkin’s movie, Obama has Miguel Rodriguez, an arm-twister so genteel that The Washington Post’s Philip Rucker wrote recently that no one in Congress even knows who he is.The president was oblivious to red-state Democrats facing tough elections. Bring the Alaskan Democrat Mark Begich to the White House residence, hand him a drink, and say, “How can we make this a bill you can vote for and defend?”Sometimes you must leave the high road and fetch your brass knuckles. Obama should have called Senator Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota over to the Oval Office and put on the squeeze: “Heidi, you’re brand new and you’re going to have a long career. You work with us, we’ll work with you. Public opinion is moving fast on this issue. The reason you get a six-year term is so you can have the guts to make tough votes. This is a totally defensible bill back home. It’s about background checks, nothing to do with access to guns. Heidi, you’re a mother. Think of those little kids dying in schoolrooms.”Obama had to persuade some Republican senators in states that he won in 2012. He should have gone out to Ohio, New Hampshire and Nevada and had big rallies to get the public riled up to put pressure on Rob Portman, Kelly Ayotte and Dean Heller, giving notice that they would pay a price if they spurned him on this.Tom Coburn, the Republican senator from Oklahoma, is one of the few people on the Hill that the president actually considers a friend. Obama wrote a paean to Coburn in the new Time 100 issue, which came out just as Coburn sabotaged his own initial effort to help the bill.Obama should have pressed his buddy: “Hey, Tom, just this once, why don’t you do more than just talk about making an agreement with the Democrats? You’re not running again. Do something big.”Couldn’t the president have given his Rose Garden speech about the “shameful” actions in Washington before the vote rather than after? There were ways to get to 60 votes. The White House just had to scratch it out with a real strategy and a never-let-go attitude. Obama hates selling. He thinks people should just accept the right thing to do. But as Joe Manchin, the West Virginia Democrat, noted, senators have their own tough selling job to do back home. “In the end you can really believe in something,” he told The Times’s Jennifer Steinhauer, “but you have to go sell it.” The president said the Newtown families deserved a vote. But he was setting his sights too low. They deserved a law.AdvertisementWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsAlthough it lost the Presidency, the Republicans picked up a large number of victories in November. They gained a Governorship and solidified their gains from 2010 in the House and in the states. The GOP now has 30 Governors, a record in modern political history. They control all levers of state government in 25 states. One would have to go back to the 1920s to find the GOP so ascendant in the states. The Democrats have complete control in just 12 states, an historic low. (The rest of the states have split control.) GOP strength in the states isn’t confined just to the South or the Plains. They control the Governor and Legislature in industrial heartland states like Pennsylvania, Ohio, Michigan and Indiana, as well. While Governor’s races in these states will always be competitive, redistricting should ensure that the GOP will dominate the legislatures in these states for the next decade. This isn’t just a numbers game. The polarization in the states gives each party an opportunity to enact large parts of their respective agendas. Republicans in several states are embracing this chance. Several states are looking at comprehensive overhauls of their tax codes. Republicans are looking at reforms throughout state government, from the budget, education and business regulation. Democrats, meanwhile, made strong gains in the states where they hold control. The party won a supermajority in the California and Illinois legislatures, for example. Progressives in these states will feel emboldened to pursue their agenda of higher taxes on the wealthy and business, and increased social spending. In many places, they will pursue stricter gun control and new environmental regulations. The public is about to benefit from a real-time experiment in whose policies are better suited to encourage economic growth. The likely Democrat lurch to the left in several states could tarnish the party’s brand in large parts of the country. Successful Republican governance in the states, by contrast, could repair some of the damage done to the GOP’s brand in national politics. The national GOP does face challenges. National party leaders are engaged in an existential crisis over the right amount of “conservative” or “moderate” positions. They seem largely disengaged from the party’s base supporters and activists. That said, Democrats are on a path to disengage them from large segments of the public. Combining this with the national Dem push to raise taxes and enact gun control, among other issues, will make it difficult for Democrats to remain competitive in large parts of the country. This will create an enormous opportunity for the national GOP to fix its brand. It shouldn’t look to machinations on Capitol Hill for salvation. It should look to the states.  Follow me on twitterPoliticsCapitol HillSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartConservative behavior since President Obama’s reelection in November has evoked, at least in me, a keen sense of sadness. Hardly a day goes by without weeping, wailing and gnashing of teeth by the likes of Rush Limbaugh on talk radio and Sean Hannity on Fox News over Obama’s return to the White House. Similar whining is heard among Republicans on Capitol Hill.Simply put, conservatives are in agony over the president’s smashing victory. Their pain is hard to watch. Only small-minded Democrats would gloat.What we’re seeing is the impact of losing when you believed with all your heart, soul and mind, buttressed by the predictions of pollsters and pundits, that you would win handily. The reaction is, for me, heart-rending.Consider the feeble attempt by House Republicans to recover political ground by threatening Obama over the debt limit. The poor things, crazed by their defeat, didn’t realize that they had no leverage. They had to back down with a face-saving gimmick to suspend through May enforcement of the limit on federal borrowing. Consider some Republicans’ return to the issue of what happened in Benghazi, Libya. Did they really think that Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would traipse up to the Hill this week, prostrate herself before Congress and confess to something that she knew wasn’t true? They so wanted her to say that there was mendacity and attempts by the administration to cover up malfeasance in the Sept. 11 attack on a U.S. diplomatic facility. Some seemed truly distressed that Clinton wouldn’t give them what they wanted. They were so desperate. It was so sad. And so it has gone since election night. The lamentations abound: ●Obama’s nominations of Jack Lew as Treasury secretary and Chuck Hagel as defense secretary are confrontational; woe unto us. ●“I would have liked to have seen some outreach” in Obama’s inaugural address, complained Sen. John McCain, who, with his Republican cohorts, did everything they could to kick Barack Obama out of the White House.●The Obama administration will “attempt to annihilate the Republican Party . . . to just shove us into the dustbin of history,” House Speaker John Boehner wailed this week. And so it goes: one big conservative pity party. Imagine how hard it must have been to lose. For four long years they hit Obama with everything they had, assailing him at every turn. No insult was too offensive to be hurled; no abuse too outrageous to be tried; no name too abusive to call. From Day One, destruction of the Obama administration and preventing his reelection was top priority; the second item too far down the list to remember. Four years of blame, blame, blame. Blah, blah, blah.Conservatives on Capitol Hill and right-wing commentators left nothing on the field. They gave it their all — and came up empty. What an emotional letdown. How not to feel at least a little sorry for them? So where do they go from here? This should be a time for introspection, for conservatives to examine their thoughts and look inside for answers as to why they lost when, at first blush, they had so much going for them. And why were they so dead set on not just defeating but breaking this president? Hard-liners, of course, will take exception to my characterization of their behavior. What I might call abusive or mean they would probably describe as passionate: their passionate defense of liberty, the Constitution, smaller government, free enterprise and the individual — all things they see Obama as opposing. The conservative wing regards itself as all that stands between freedom and tyranny, between order and chaos, between values and licentiousness. And perhaps that self-view explains why they are taking their loss so hard.It also may help explain why their conduct is so, well, touching. Conservatives yakking it up in House and Senate chambers and on the airwaves these days are delusional, in much the way that the South deluded itself into thinking it was in the right during the Civil War or that Republicans held fast to the misguided belief that the presidency of Franklin Delano Roosevelt was wrong for the country. American principles endure. But America is changing, just as it evolved during the Lincoln era and just as it emerged from the Great Depression under FDR’s leadership.What makes this so excruciatingly sad is that some forces on the right are too far gone to see the truth. Read more from Colbert King’s archive.  More on this topic:  Colbert I. King: Where are Hillary Clinton’s critics now?  Colbert I. King: Obama earned trust with a comeback performance  Colbert I. King: Demonizing Barack Obama  E.J. Dionne Jr.: President Obama as an alien We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.NEW: Michelle Obama wears a floor-length, custom, red gown designed by Jason WuNEW: She and the president dance to Jennifer Hudson singing "Let's Stay Together""Today is the day for all of us in this country to come together," says a GOP leaderA civil rights veteran struggles "to keep from crying" as Obama takes oath on MLK Bible
  It was a seemingly wistful moment at the halfway mark of his presidency, before the celebratory parade and the evening’s galas. 

  Shortly after exhorting the United States to continue its “never-ending journey” to live up to the ideals of its founders, on his way off the platform at the West Front of the Capitol, President Barack Obama stopped to drink in the scene before him. 

  “I want to take a look one more time,” he told those surrounding him. “I’m not going to see this again.”

  And so, with his oath of office taken – again – and the speech delivered, the president stood aside for 24 seconds on the chilly Monday afternoon, letting the crowd that had joined him for his formal, public second inauguration file past.

  It was one of the few quiet moments on an otherwise jam-packed day. Obama stole another such moment with his wife, at the first of two official inaugural balls they were scheduled to attend Monday night.

  Obamas party with 30,000 close friends

  Following performances by Alicia Keys, Brad Paisley and the Mexican rock group Mana, the first couple danced as Jennifer Hudson sang the classic song, “Let’s Stay Together,” by Al Green.

  First lady Michelle Obama wore a floor-length, custom, ruby-colored chiffon and velvet gown designed by Jason Wu, the same designer behind her 2009 inaugural dress.

  The celebrations came a day after Obama was sworn in on the constitutionally required date in a low-key ceremony at the White House. The flag-waving crowd that watched Monday’s event was noticeably smaller than the throng that turned out for his first oath in 2009 but still packed the National Mall for blocks. 

  The waving flags, the red-white-and-blue bunting and the heralding trumpets marked the 57th such ceremony in the history of the nation, with the peaceful extension of power based on last November’s election that returned Obama to the White House. 

  The best Inauguration Day tweets

  The Sousa marches, the ceremonial guns and the voices of James Taylor, Kelly Clarkson and Beyonce having faded away, Obama headed into the Capitol for a luncheon with members of Congress. Then he led the traditional parade up Pennsylvania Avenue, stopping near the White House to walk a few blocks of the route with the first lady to the cheers of those lining the sidewalks.

  “You’ve got to come out for this,” said Nick Pignone, a Washington resident. “Everyone’s excited – good vibes right now.”

  Also publicly sworn in for a second term was Vice President Joe Biden, who, like Obama, also took his official oath Sunday. Justice Sonia Sotomayor performed the honors for Biden at his home at the Naval Observatory in Washington, where the vice president’s extended family and a few Cabinet officials gathered to watch the ceremony. 

  Biden and his wife, Jill, also took some time to walk part of the parade route, with a grinning Biden periodically jogging over to the sidelines to shake hands with people across the barricades. Once both couples and their families were seated at the White House reviewing stand, one of the first acts to pass was the marching band from Honolulu’s Punahou School, Obama’s alma mater.  

  What followed included dozens of military and school bands, Native American dance troupes whirling in traditional dress, war veterans, Civil War re-enactors, kilted firefighters blowing bagpipes and Montana’s governor and congressional delegation on horseback and in cowboy hats. 

  10 opinions: Explaining Obama’s speech

  Obama, the first African-American president and the 17th to win a second term, used a pair of Bibles in Monday’s ceremony – one from Abraham Lincoln, the other from Martin Luther King Jr. His roughly 2,000-word inaugural address hearkened back to both. 

  “I did everything possible today to keep from crying,” said U.S. Rep. John Lewis, D-Georgia, a onetime lieutenant of King. He called the sight of Obama using King’s Bible “very moving, unreal – almost unbelievable.”

  Monday is also the federal holiday commemorating the birthday of King, who was assassinated in 1968.

  The loudest cheer of Obama’s address came when he said the nation’s journey remained incomplete “until our wives, our mothers, and daughters can earn a living equal to their efforts,” and “until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law.”

  Obama embraces key social justice movements in inaugural address

  Obama begins the second half of his presidency with the opportunity to make it more historic but facing some of the same challenges that he struggled with in the first four years.

  Americans “have the power to set this country’s course,” he said, urging people to fulfill their citizenship by meeting “the obligation to shape the debates of our time – not only with the votes we cast, but with the voices we lift in defense of our most ancient values and enduring ideals.”

  On the Mall, Carlos Arieta and his wife, Sharon, took in the scene after driving from Atlanta to witness history. The former Washington residents said it was the first time they had attended an inauguration.

  Surprised by the throngs gathered a few hours before the speech on a clear morning with temperatures just above freezing, Arieta said “it’s nice to see all the different kinds of people.”

  Even some of those who didn’t support Obama’s November re-election turned out to watch. Don King, 27, and his 21-year-old brother Matthew said they don’t agree with the president on taxation, debt and other fiscal issues but didn’t want to miss this bit of history. 

  “It’s the second inauguration for Obama, and it’s pretty amazing if you think back to the 1800s and later during the civil rights era, that we’re here,” Don King said.

  Obamas, Bidens participate in National Day of Service     

  A new CNN/ORC International poll released Monday indicated less excitement this time than four years ago, when nearly 2 million people crowded the Mall despite frigid weather for Obama’s historic first inauguration.

  In January 2009, nearly seven in 10 Americans questioned in a CNN survey said they were thrilled or happy that Obama was about to take office. Now, according to the new, that number is down 18 points, to 50%.

  Back then, six in 10 saw Obama’s inauguration as a celebration by all Americans of democracy in action, with just 39% saying it was a political celebration by the supporters of the winning candidate. 

  Now, the numbers are nearly reversed, with 62% saying the second inauguration is a celebration by those backing the president, and 35% saying it’s a celebration of democracy.

  “The thrill is gone, along with the hope that the start of a new presidential term of office will bring a divided nation together,” said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland.

  Gergen: Obama 2.0 – tougher, wiser?

  Reality of second-term presidencies

  The smaller crowd this time around reflects the reality of second-term presidencies, when the novelty and expectations of a new leader have been replaced with the familiarity and experiences of the first act.

  For Obama, that difference is even sharper. His historic ascendancy to the White House in 2008 came with soaring public hopes and expectations for a new kind of governance that would close the vast partisan gulf developed in recent decades.

  However, a litany of challenges, including an inherited economic recession and repeated battles with congressional Republicans over budgets and spending, only hardened the opposing positions in Washington.

  Obama’s signature achievements, including major reforms of the health care industry and Wall Street, became symbols of political division, with opponents constantly accusing him of hindering needed economic recovery.

  Obama’s unfinished business and battles ahead

  For his second term, Obama has vowed to press for an overhaul of the nation’s immigration policies and new ways to boost the sputtering economy, proposals that are bound to spark battles with his Republican rivals, and oversee the implementation of Obamacare.

  And the shootings at a Connecticut elementary school last month put the divisive issue of gun control on his immediate agenda.

  CNN polling released Sunday showed a majority of Americans – 54% – believe Obama will be an outstanding or above average president in his second term, while 43% said he’d be poor or below average.

  And while overall, seven in 10 Americans hope the president’s policies succeed, only four in 10 Republicans feel that way, with 52% hoping that Obama will fail.  

  Obama’s second-term priorities 

  But House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, R-Virginia, told CNN, “Today is the day for all of us in this country to come together.”

  “I think the president did a fine job, certainly, laying out what he would like to see happen as far as the future of the country,” Cantor said. “There are areas of disagreement, but there are also some things fundamentally we agree on, and that is this country is one of opportunity. And sort of the way we get there to help everybody, there are some differences. Hopefully, we can bridge those differences.”

  Four other priorities for the next four years

  CNN’s Jennifer Liberto, Dana Bash, Dana Davidsen, Ashley Killough, Paul Steinhauser, Jessica Yellin, Dan Lothian, Brianna Keilar, Kevin Liptak and Gregory Wallace contributed to this report.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.WASHINGTON -- President Obama announced Monday his choice of Charlotte Mayor Anthony Foxx to be his next Transportation secretary, heralding the young mayor for revitalizing his city with critical investments in its transportation infrastructure.Foxx, 41, raised his national profile after the Queen City hosted last year's Democratic National Convention.Obama noted that during Foxx's time as mayor, ground was broken on the Charlotte Streetcar Project, a third parallel runway at Charlotte-Douglass International Airport was opened, and he worked to extend the LYNX light rail system to the University of North Carolina at Charlotte."When Anthony became mayor in 2009, Charlotte like the rest of the country was going through a bruising economic crisis," Obama said. "But the city managed to turn things around ... and if you ask Anthony how that happened, he'll tell you one of the reason is that Charlotte made one of the largest investments in transportation in the city's history."In brief remarks at the White House on Monday afternoon, Foxx, who is a Democrat, struck a bipartisan tone."There is no such thing a Democratic or Republican road, bridge, port, airfield or rail system," Foxx said. "We must work together, across party lines, to enhance this nation's infrastructure."The choice of Foxx, who is Charlotte's youngest elected mayor and the second African-American mayor in the city's history, also could help Obama dull criticism over the racial diversity of his Cabinet.Earlier this month, Rep. Bennie Thompson, D-Miss., criticized Obama for failing to name any African Americans among his early picks for his second-term Cabinet, charging that the president "has once again overlooked his most loyal constituency."And Rep. Marcia Fudge, D-Ohio, chairwoman of the Congressional Black Caucus, also complained in a letter to Obama last month that his recent Cabinet nominees "have hardly been reflective of this country's diversity.''Obama was even ribbed by the comedian Conan O'Brien at Saturday's White House Correspondents Association's annual dinner in Washington over the lack of diversity in his Cabinet."Mr. President, your hair is so white it could be a member of your Cabinet," O'Brien said.On Monday, Fudge in a statement praised Obama's pick and said that Foxx "will surely be an asset to the President's cabinet and to this nation." Meanwhile, Thompson said he was "pleased with this development," but that he "will continue to hold the president accountable for ensuring he has a diverse Cabinet."If confirmed by the Senate, Foxx would become the second African American in Obama's second-term Cabinet, joining Attorney General Eric Holder and United Nations Ambassador Susan Rice, both first term holdovers. Foxx would replace Ray LaHood, who announced earlier this year that he was stepping down as Transportation secretary once his replacement cleared the Senate.The president has boasted of the diversity in his White House and urged critics not to judge the makeup of his Cabinet until he completed his picks. He still needs to nominate a Commerce secretary and U.S. trade representative.Ahead of Obama's announcement Monday, White House spokesman Jay Carney said that the president is "pleased with the individuals who have agreed to accept his nominations for positions in the Cabinet.""What you will see is a Cabinet that reflects the diversity of the country and the quality of people who are willing to serve their country in these important positions," Carney said.Carl Tobias, a law professor at the University of Richmond who studies federal nominations, said Republicans will question Foxx's short résumé on transportation issues, but predicted he'll sail through confirmation hearings. Foxx, who was first elected Charlotte's mayor in 2009, is a lawyer by training. He's served on staff of the House Judiciary Committee and in the civil rights division of the Justice Department."The Republicans on this kind of appointment as opposed to something like secretary of Defense are more likely to defer to the president," Tobias said.If confirmed, Foxx will immediately face a budget fight and several contentious rules for consumer protection and safety.A week of furloughs at the Federal Aviation Administration, which delayed thousands of flights, prompted Congress to allow the agency to shift around funding amid spending cuts to end the furloughs.But the spending battle remains for the fiscal year starting Oct. 1 because the Obama administration wants to close tax loopholes while trimming spending, but congressional Republicans oppose new revenues.The Transportation Department is also developing a consumer-protection rule dealing with how airlines market services such as baggage fees and seat assignments.Consumer groups and travel agents are urging the department to force airlines to provide the prices for those services to the companies that allow comparisons at sites like Travelocity and Orbitz. But airlines are opposed to being forced to provide the information because comparison sites charge billions of dollars collectively each year.Two safety rules are also pending at the FAA, in reaction to the last fatal crash of a commercial airliner in February 2009. One rule expected in August proposes to require as many training hours for co-pilots as pilots, with exceptions for military pilots and those graduating from four-year colleges. The other rule, expected in October, will require more simulator training about how to recover from a stall."Without question, our nation faces a number of transportation challenges that will require strong leadership and effective communication with Congress to keep our nation moving," said Sen. John Thune, the top Republican on the committee that will consider Foxx's nomination.Contributing: Deborah BerryPresident Obama has never lacked for confidence, but rarely has that attribute been on display as clearly as on Monday in an inaugural address that underscored the distance he has traveled after four contentious years in office.This was not the politician who campaigned in 2008 on themes of transcending the divisive politics of the past, though there were ritual calls for the country and its political leaders to seize this moment together. Instead, it was a president who has accepted the reality of those divisions and is determined to prevail on his terms. Obama’s first campaign was aspirational, and he came to office believing, or at least hoping, that through force of personality he could gently guide the opposing sides to consensus on issues that had long resisted resolution. Monday’s speech conveyed the ambitions of a president looking at his next four years with a sense of frustration and impatience, and who now believes that a different style of leadership is required.In his speech, Obama set out his priorities for a second term, goals that will cheer the liberal wing of the Democratic Party and probably alarm many on the right. He challenged Republicans to meet him partway, though not exactly in the middle. If there was an underlying message Monday, it was not “Come, let us reason together.” It was “Follow me.” The question is whether he will be any more successful in his second term than he was in his first.There are reasons for the president setting a different tone in his second inaugural than in his first. Two years after he and his party took a beating in the midterm elections, he now holds the strongest hand in Washington. His approval ratings have climbed above 50 percent, while his Republican opponents in Congress remain mired in disapproval ratings almost three times as high as their approval ratings.Obama once hoped that he could overcome the united opposition of congressional Republicans, whose militant House members set the party’s tone during the battles of the past two years, through negotiation with GOP leaders. Now he is looking to the country to pressure his opponents to compromise in ways that they would not during his first term.Republicans have already tested the reelected president and discovered the limits of their power. Their decision not to pick a fight — for now — over the debt ceiling signaled their recognition of that reality. It was an acknowledgment that the tactic of opposing Obama at almost every turn may be self-defeating. Obama appears ready to try to split the Republican coalition by setting pragmatists against ideologues. On Monday, he rebuked those who have been most aggressive in their opposition when he said, “We cannot mistake absolutism for principle, or substitute spectacle for politics, or treat name-calling as reasoned debate.”Republicans will have to choose their battles more carefully, and they may prevail in some cases. Obama knows that he won’t get all he wants, but the balance of power at the start of his second term is far different from what it was 24 months ago. The year ahead promises more debates over the size and scope of government, issues that dominated the past two years in Washington. Obama acknowledged the need to deal with spending and the deficit, but he also set out terms for the coming fight over federal entitlements.During the campaign, Obama talked about the philosophical divide between Republicans and Democrats on these issues, as he condemned the broken politics of Washington. He said the American people could break the tie with the election.But the election returned a majority of Republicans to the House, and on Monday the president seemed to suggest that there were grounds for compromise. “Progress,” he said, “does not compel us to settle centuries-long debates about the role of government for all time, but it does require us to act in our time.”Obama’s second inaugural address also reflected a changing America and the coalition that reelected him to office. The nation’s first African American president leads an ever-more diverse population and a country in which attitudes and mores continue to change, particularly among the youngest segment of society. The policy agenda he put forth, and the values he enunciated, spoke directly to that coalition. Never before has a president used an inaugural address to speak so openly about the cause of gay rights, linking the 1969 Stonewall uprising that led to the gay rights movement with Selma and civil rights and the 1839 Seneca Falls Convention and women’s rights.Not all Americans agree with these changes, and as president, Obama must attempt to speak for them and to them. But his remarks Monday suggest that he believes history is on his side on these issues.The president’s second inaugural address was notable also for what he talked about only in brief. Four years ago, he stood on the Capitol’s West Front with the country facing an economic crisis. Output was falling, the stock market had plunged, many Americans were threatened with housing foreclosures, and unemployment was rising rapidly. He talked about “a sapping of confidence across our land.”On Monday, he touched only lightly on that crisis and spoke of the economy in positive terms. “An economic recovery has begun,” he said. At a time when jobs remain a top priority for most Americans, he chose neither to highlight that problem nor to offer any new solutions — though, ultimately, he will be judged on his effectiveness in restoring the economy to its full strength. Opponents will find much to dislike about what Obama said Monday, for this was not a speech aimed at mollifying those who lost the election. Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who lost the presidential race four years ago, expressed disappointment that Obama was not more explicit about bringing the two sides together. “I would have liked to have seen more on outreach and working together,” McCain said. But the senator added, “It’s his privilege to say what he wants.”Obama risks overreaching or over-interpreting his mandate, which can be an affliction of newly reelected presidents. His victory in November was decisive but not overwhelming. Self-confidence can slip over the line to arrogance or hubris. Second terms often disappoint. So there are dangers ahead for the president. On Monday, he set out his ambitions for a second term in clear language. What follows will define how history judges both those priorities and his ability to turn them into action.Recent polling shows that an election wave of anti-ObamaCare sentiment is growing, and it is not only likely to hand the GOP control of the United States Senate, but might wipe out as many as 12 Democrat seats–many of which looked safe just a few months ago. Back in July, Five Thirty Eight’s election guru Nate Silver believed that control of the Senate was a tossup. That has all changed now that voters got their first real look at the brutal consequences of ObamaCare.Starting with the generic ballot that simply pits Republican lawmakers against their Democrat counterparts, the movement towards the GOP has been striking. In the Real Clear Politics average of these polls, going back as far as the beginning of the year, Democrats have consistently led by 3 to 4 points. During the government shutdown, Democrats leaped to 6 and 7 point leads. Since the disastrous rollout of ObamaCare, though, Republicans are not only in the lead by 2.5 points; they have led in every poll but one since November 10. This generic polling is reflected in the available polling of individual Senate seats. Keep in mind that in order to win control of the Senate, Republicans need only pick up six seats, and with Democrat incumbents retiring in the redder than red states of South Dakota, West Virginia, and Montana, Republicans pretty much have three Senate pick-ups in the bag. But thanks to ObamaCare and vulnerable Democrat Senators refusing to put their own promises and the wellbeing of their constituents above slavish devotion to Obama, picking off another three should be fairly easy.  Kay Hagan (D-NC)In North Carolina, Democrat Kay Hagan looked as though she was cruising to a second term victory. Just a few months ago, polls showed her ahead by double digits against her most likely Republican challengers. In September, before ObamaCare started cancelling people’s policies by the millions and boosting the price of their premiums, Hagan was beating potential challenger Greg Bannon by a whopping 16 points. In the most recent poll taken just a couple weeks ago, Bannon picked up an astonishing 17 points and is now ahead by 1. All of Hagan’s most likely Republican challengers made similar gains. There is a YouTube video of Hagan promising that under ObamaCare you can keep your insurance if you like it. Obviously that is not true, which means she either lied or blindly voted for something without understanding the consequences for her constituents. Mary Landrieu (D-LA)Louisiana Senator Mary Landrieu has seen her approval rating collapse by double digits in just six months. Three months ago, Landrieu looked as though she would coast to a fourth term in a state Mitt Romney won without breaking a sweat. The National Journal now lists Landrieu as the third most endangered incumbent facing re-election in 2014. In August, Landrieu was polling over 50% in potential match ups (which would avoid a Louisiana runoff that requires the eventual winner hit at least 50%) and beating Republican Congressman Bill Cassidy, her most likely opponent, by a full 10 points. The consequences of ObamaCare have completely flipped that script. A recent poll shows the relatively unknown Cassidy behind by only 2 pointsThere is YouTube video of Landrieu promising her constituents that under ObamaCare, you can keep your insurance. The facts have either proved Landrieu a liar or incompetent. Other than token legislation to keep that promise, Landrieu has been as devoted to Obama and ObamaCare as any liberal Democrat.  Mark Pryor (D-AR)Thanks to ObamaCare, Senator Mark Pryor’s approval ratings in Arkansas have collapsed to just 33%, the lowest of his 12 years in the Senate. When Democrat Arkansas incumbent Senator Blanche Lincoln lost her seat in 2010, her approval ratings were actually higher. The National Journal ranks Pryor as the most vulnerable Senate incumbent facing reelection in 2014. Pryor is also on record misleading his constituents about ObamaCare.  Mark Begich (D-AK)Just before the disastrous ObamaCare rollout, Alaskan Senator Mark Begich was cruising to reelection by as much as 11 points. Post-ObamaCare polls show that Begich has been considerably weakened and is ahead by only a point or two against his likely Republican challengers. Moreover, Begich’s approval rating among Alaskans now sits at a measly 39%. Begich is on record misleading his constituents with false assurances that under ObamaCare you can keep your insurance. The GOP is already pounding him over that. Other than token proposals, Begich has done absolutely nothing to either keep that promise or to mitigate the damage ObamaCare is doing to Alaskans. The National Journal lists Begich as the second most vulnerable incumbent in the Senate.  Iowa – Open Democrat SeatWith longtime Democrat Tom Harkin retiring from the Senate, Democrats thought they had made this seat safe with the recruitment of Rep. Bruce Braley. Until the American people were rattled by the consequences of ObamaCare, Democrats were probably right. In matchup after matchup, Braley was ahead by double digits. Post-ObamaCare, that lead has shrunk to single digits.  Mark Udall (D-CO)Prior to the ObamaCare rollout, Udall wasn’t even on the National Journal‘s list of endangered incumbents. Millions of insurance cancellations later, however, and the Democrat has a real fight on his hands. In one likely match up, Udall’s 15 point lead back in June has dropped to just 3 points. —Since the ObamaCare fallout, the National Journal has added Al Franken (D-MN), Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH), and Jeff Merkley (D-OR) to its 2014 endangered list. Prior to the country being hit upside the head with the reality of ObamaCare, the idea that any one of these incumbents had anything to worry about was unthinkable. Shaheen is vulnerable enough that former Massachusetts Senator Scott Brown is considering a challenge. Polls show her under 50% at 48% and Brown only behind by 4%. He hasn’t even made it official and is already within the margin of error. And if he runs, it will be on the issue of ObamaCare. Many believe that the worst of ObamaCare has yet to show itself. As the 2014 midterm elections loom closer late next year, so will the employer mandate. The Obama Administration itself has predicted that the fallout from the employer mandate could be tens of millions of cancellations. Knowing this is coming, and unless something changes, these vulnerable Democrats are likely to be remembered only as having done nothing to avoid catastrophes mainly afflicting the working and middle class. That is, other than hold hands with Obama to watch it all burn.Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNCPoliticsDefenseSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News A man who spent a lifetime putting his name on things is rebranding himself as a number, and marketing experts are intrigued.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.Americans have a very special message for the federal government: Don't tread on me.That's the takeaway from a new poll from the Pew Research Center in which, for the first time in at least the last two decades, a majority of Americans say Washington actually poses a threat to their "personal rights and freedoms."And it's not just tea party supporters, Republicans and gun owners.Nearly two-fifths of Democrats (38 percent) say the government is a threat to them personally, as do 45 percent of non-gun owners.Overall, the percentage of Americans who view the federal government as a threat has increased from 36 percent in May 1995 to 53 percent today. It rose late in the 1990s and then dropped again after 9/11, down to 30 percent.Today, most Americans now feel at least somewhat scared of what the government could  do to them, and 31 percent see Washington as a "major threat."This is an important piece of data to keep in mind as Congress debates new gun legislation. While polls show broad support for expanding background checks and limiting the manufacture and sale of certain types of so-called assault weapons, the flip side of that is that many Americans are wary of their government going too far in restricting their constitutional rights -- be it on guns or anything else.And if gun rights supporters can convince the public (and members of Congress) that the legislation creates a too-powerful federal government that impinges on people's rights and freedoms, they may help reverse their early deficit in the polls.The American public is very receptive to such a message.DNC has huge debt; RNC has none: Thursday was the deadline for political candidates and committees to file their year-end financial reports. So now we've got a good sense for what kind of financial shape the parties find themselves in as the 2014 election cycle officially began.A few highlights:* President Obama's campaign committee, which is becoming a nonprofit group, had $3.3 million in cash and $5.9 million in debt.* The Democratic National Committee had $4.3 million in cash and $21.4 million in debt after struggling to raise funds down the stretch in 2012. The RNC, meanwhile, had $4.7 million cash on hand and no debt.* In the House, the picture is more even. The National Republican Congressional Committee (House Republicans) had $1.5 million cash on hand and $12 million in debt -- very similar to its Democratic counterpart's $1.5 million in cash and $13.5 million in debt.* Newt Gingrich still has $4.7 million in debt, including $650,000 owed to himself. He paid off about $250,000 worth of debt in the fourth quarter of 2012.* The pro-Romney super PAC Restore Our Future has $1.3 million in cash left over.* Rep. Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.) starts her Senate campaign with $1.6 million cash on hand.GOP poll show Begich leading: Sen. Mark Begich (D-Alaska), who will undoubtedly be one of the GOP's top targets in 2014, leads all comers in a new poll from GOP automated pollster Harper Polling -- except one.The only Republican who leads Begich is Gov. Sean Parnell, a popular incumbent who isn't expected to run for Senate. He leads Begich 46 percent to 40 percent.In other matchups, Begich starts with an edge. He leads former governor Sarah Palin 47-40, Lt. Gov. Mead Treadwell 44-34, and 52-29 against 2010 GOP nominee Joe Miller.Palin and Miller, notably, suffer from very poor favorable ratings. Despite the state's red lean, Palin is viewed favorably by just 34 percent of voters and unfavorably by 60 percent. Miller's split is even worse, at 21 percent favorable and 56 percent favorable. Miller is considered a potential Senate candidate.Treadwell is the only candidate among the four who has actually moved toward a campaign, though. His deficit against Begich is owed at least in part to his low name ID; nearly half of voters don't know him well enough to rate his favorability.In a GOP primary field including all four Republicans, Parnell leads at 32 percent, followed by Palin at 27, Treadwell at 14 and Miller at 12.Begich has a 48-39 favorable-unfavorable split.Fixbits:A new poll of the Massachusetts special election shows former senator Scott Brown (R-Mass.) starts out with a big 53-31 lead on Rep. Ed Markey (D-Mass.).The Senate has joined the House in temporarily suspending the debt limit.New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) says Republican party leaders shouldn't have lengthened the presidential primary process, calling it "the stupidest thing the Republican Party ever did.”Geraldo Rivera says he's serious about running for Sen. Frank Lautenberg's (D-N.J.) Senate seat as a Republican.Must-reads:"Senator Has Long Ties to Donor Under Scrutiny" -- Raymond Hernandez and Frances Robles, New York Times"The 5 most memorable moments of the Chuck Hagel hearing (VIDEO)" -- Rachel Weiner, Washington Post"Chris Christie, volcanic politics and Election 2016" -- George F. Will, Washington Post"Citizenship question roils both parties as immigration debate gets underway" -- Peter Wallsten and Rosalind S. Helderman, Washington Post"Study Puts ‘Cost’ to Landing Embassy Post" -- Nicholas Confessore, New York TimesCorrection: This post initially misstated Capito's cash on hand.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thousands of union workers, community activists and a smattering of politicians rallied Tuesday evening on the Near West Side to "take back Chicago" and send a message to Mayor Rahm Emanuel and what they dubbed his "corporate, greedy, elitist friends." At a fancy theater in the Loop, Emanuel joined a national TV news host to discuss politics and the state of the union in front of about 600 people who paid to hear him at a Chicago Ideas Week event sponsored by a private equity firm that boasts of having invested billions of dollars. The two events offered a clear study in contrasts in Chicago politics: like-minded folks meeting in a controlled setting to see a self-styled reform mayor engage in political repartee versus a raucous gathering of activists promoting a populist, anti-administration agenda. It also offered a potential early blueprint of the opposition platform to the mayor in 2015, assuming a contender emerges to take on a highly skilled politician who had $5.1 million in his campaign fund to start October. Brandon Johnson, an organizer with the Chicago Teachers Union, fired up the rally crowd at the University of Illinois at Chicago Forum, saying the 35 union and neighborhood groups were there to send a message to "the mayor of this city and his corporate, greedy elitist friends that this city belongs to the people in this room. Black people, brown people, poor people, working-class people." A parade of speakers, including Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn, lined up to deliver their populist themes. They promoted a $15-an-hour minimum wage and a graduated state income tax with higher rates for wealthy people. The populist themes are familiar to the re-election-seeking Quinn, who repeated his vow to raise the state's minimum wage and recounted his days as an organizer, when he founded the Citizens Utility Board, a consumer watchdog group. "You don't get changes from the big shots on top of the power heap," Quinn said. "It bubbles up from grass-roots community leaders, everyday people banding together for a cause they believe in." Nursing home worker Francine Rico decried having to support her son and elderly mother on just $14 an hour while having to pay the same state income-tax rate as a wealthy person. "Why should a banker or corporate executive making over a million each year pay the same flat income taxes as a single mom making just $15,000 a year?" Rico said. "That's not right." Downtown, the crowd at the Cadillac Palace Theatre was treated to thumping pop tunes and political demographic multiple-choice trivia questions on a screen as they waited for the mayor to emerge. Emanuel was joined by David Gregory, who hosts NBC's "Meet the Press", to discuss politics one-on-one. The mayor found a receptive crowd during the 30-minute interview. He received applause when he mentioned his push for tougher gun laws and the city's program to give young people summer jobs. Attendees laughed along when Emanuel talked about O'Hare as a world-class airport, "weather permitting." It was one of the numerous $15-a-pop events that make up Ideas Week, started in 2011 by venture capitalist Brad Keywell, who helped launch Groupon. Ideas Week started Monday, when the mayor hosted a Divvy bike ride and lunch. Speakers at the rally had their own ideas, like having the Chicago Public Schools board elected, rather than appointed by the mayor. The crowd cheered video footage of last year's Chicago Teachers Union strike. Also singled out for criticism was the mayor's closing of six mental health clinics as part of a broader privatization effort. Tribune reporter Hal Dardick contributed. jebyrne@tribune.com mcgarcia@tribune.comCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune The headline reads, “McAuliffe avoids position on EPA rules, Cuccinelli dodges on House spending vote,” because just like Virginia’s Democrat gubernatorial nominee, Terry McAuliffe, the left-wing Washington Post wants to have it both ways. In an article published Friday, the Post tries to mitigate the damage President Obama’s new strict carbon emission limits will have on the McAuliffe campaign by also putting a pox on Republican nominee Cuccinelli’s house over, bizarrely, DC’s ongoing budget battles. But as hard as the Post might try, there is just no comparing the latest round of federal budget battles to the effect Obama’s war on coal will have on Virginia and working class Virginians.At the bottom of its article, the Post is eventually forced to admit that the Cuccinnelli campaign — if not the man himself — actually did comment on the possibility of a government shutdown:“It’s pretty rich that in the same week it was revealed that Terry McAuliffe wants to shut down Virginia’s government, he’s now focused on whether the federal government is going to do the same,” Cullen said, referring to remarks by McAuliffe that he would not sign a budget as governor if it did not include funds for expanding Medicaid. “No one wants to see the federal government shut down, period. Ken Cuccinelli is not running for Congress, he’s running for governor. . . . Ken Cuccinelli would more than welcome a debate with Terry McAuliffe on the issue of Obamacare.”Fast Terry, however, has yet to stand up for the state’s southwest coal country, and who knows how many middle class jobs. Instead of staking a position one way or another, the McAuliffe campaign punted with a statement that tries to please everyone and promises to take a position sometime in the future:Terry agrees with the broad swath of scientists, economists, and military leaders, who view climate change as a looming problem for Virginia,” campaign spokesman Josh Schwerin wrote in an e-mail. “While he agrees that there needs to be some limit on carbon pollution and believes that Virginia can and should lead the way in building new plants that create low-cost, low-carbon energy, he looks forward to further reviewing the President’s proposed rules in detail and studying their impact on Virginia’s economy.”Cuccinnelli was quick to jump on the Obama administration:“The administration renewed its war on coal today,” Cuccinelli said, adding — as he often does — that “a war on coal is a war on the poor” and that Virginia “needs a governor who’ll fight for those folks” who depend on the coal industry.It is doubtful Virginia voters will care one or another if a potential governor chooses to focus on his state as opposed to the latest drama unfurling in the nation’s capitol. These new carbon emission controls, however, directly affect the state and thousands of Virginia jobs. Instead of choosing a position, McAuliffe is likely hoping to dither through the last five weeks left in the campaign. And as we have already seen, the Washington Post will be right there to hold his hand.  Follow  John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC                PoliticsTerry McAuliffeWashington Post.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsIn a classic tale illustrating the “law of unintended consequences,” a new report concludes that President Barack Obama’s $3 billion “Cash for Clunkers” taxpayer-funded boondoggle artificially drove car prices up, not down, and unleashed an “environmental nightmare” through shredding, not recycling, many of the 690,000 cars people traded in for an up to $4,500 car credit.In 2009, Mr. Obama proudly declared that his Cash for Clunkers program, officially known as the Car Allowance Rebate System (CARS), was a stunning success.  “There were skeptics who weren’t sure that this ‘Cash for Clunkers’ program would work,” said Mr. Obama. “But I’m happy to report that it has succeeded well beyond our expectations and all expectations, and we’re already seeing a dramatic increase in showroom traffic at local car dealers…So I’m very pleased with the progress that’s been made in the House today on the “Cash for Clunkers” program.” But as Yahoo News notes, the program’s decision to shred, not recycle, many of the trade-in vehicles unleashed an “environmental nightmare”: Shredding vehicles results in its own environmental nightmare. For each ton of metal produced by a shredding facility, roughly 500 pounds of “shredding residue” is also produced, which includes polyurethane foams, metal oxides, glass and dirt. All totaled, about 4.5 million tons of that residue is already produced on average every year. Where does it go? Right into a landfill.E Magazine states recycling just the plastic and metal alone from the CARS scraps would have saved 24 million barrels of oil. While some of the “Clunkers” were truly old, many of the almost 700,000 cars were still in perfectly good condition. In fact, many that qualified for the program were relatively “young,” with fuel efficiencies that rivaled newer cars.A study conducted by Resources for the Future further underscored the program’s failure economically and environmentally:Approximately 45 percent of the spending went to consumers who would have purchased a new vehicle anyway. Our results suggest no gain in sales beyond 2009 and hence no meaningful stimulus to the economy. In addition, the program will reduce CO2 emissions by only 9 to 28.4 million tons, implying a cost per ton ranging from $91 to $288 even after accounting for reduced criteria pollutants.   And E–The Environmental Magazine says the Department of Transportation’s declaration that Cash for Clunkers was a success is simply a case of smoke and mirrors:The Department of Transportation reported that Cash for Clunkers was an environmental success…In general, drivers traded in inefficient SUVs and trucks for more efficient passenger cars. However, it’s quite easy to negate this small difference in gas mileage purely by the fact that people will be more likely to drive a vehicle that takes less money to fill up with gas. It’s an efficiency paradox: as we get more efficient at using energy, the overall cost of energy goes down, but we respond by using more of it. Auto emissions of carbon dioxide are directly proportional to gasoline consumed. With only 690,000 fuel-efficient vehicles purchased and over 250 million cars registered in the U.S., that is a negligible difference in overall greenhouse gas emissions.As the Washington Post even conceded, Mr. Obama’s Cash for Clunkers scheme was an economic and environmental failure: “So were the naysayers right?” asked the Post.  “It seems so.” PoliticsWashington PostYahoo.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        FILE: Undated: An oil pump in California (AP)A vast, untapped oil reserve in California is emerging as perhaps one of the state’s best opportunities to improve its still struggling economy, but exploration and production efforts face resistance from the powerful environmental lobby and Gov. Jerry Brown’s administration, which appears not fully sold on the potential.The roughly 1,700 square-mile Monterey Shale, from the state’s central coast to its San Joaquin Valley, holds roughly 60 percent of the country’s estimated shale oil reserves, potentially making California the country’s top oil producer and revving up its economy like a smaller shale-oil deposit did for North Dakota.California’s economy has been showing signs of improvement after a downward slide for years – in part the result of myriad regulations, multi-billion dollar budget deficits, high unemployment and now Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown’s income-tax hike on the state’s highest earners that has some vowing to leave.“The Monterey Shale could be a boon to the economy, but there’s heavy emphasis on the word ‘could,’ ” said Jason Marshall, chief deputy director for the state’s Department of Conservation.Geoffrey Styles, energy consultant, recently wrote in the online forum The Energy Collective that drilling the formation “could slash California's imports while adding billions of dollars a year to the local economy and to the shaky state budget, along with lots of good jobs.” Oil production in the region is still largely in the speculation or developmental phases. Oil companies purportedly have been working the region’s complex structure since the early 1990s, but only recently have new technologies made large-scale extractions economically possible.Environmentalists are primarily opposed to the companies having to tap the estimated 15. 4 billion barrels in the Monterey Shale by deep, horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing, which has helped drive the country’s recent shale oil and gas boom but also raised environmental worries.They also argue such techniques will be especially tricky in that region, considering its complex geological formation, created in part by the San Andreas fault.“There are some really serious concerns for California,” said Kassie Siegel, a lawyer for the Center for Biological Diversity.She said two of the group’s biggest worries are the potential to trigger an earthquake and water contamination, consider that fracking includes injecting a mix of water, sand and chemicals into rock to release oil or natural gas.She said fracking uses millions of gallons of water in a state “starved for water” and the latest methods use “slick water” that includes hundreds of potential harmful chemicals.“There are many, many aspects to the water issue,” Siegel said. “And California is a very seismically active area.”Oil companies have engaged in fracking in California for decades without heavy monitoring by state regulators. But that situation appears to be swiftly changing with the state releasing a draft of fracking rules in December with plans to have a complete set of regulations within the year, Marshall told FoxNews.com.He also acknowledged the importance of oil in the state economy, pointing out that California in 2011 produced nearly 197 million barrels. But he also expressed Brown administration concerns similar to those of the environmentalists -- protecting state resources and whether fracking will work in the already-fractured formation.“It may take (more) advancement in technology or methodology to unlock the oil-production potential of the formation,” Marshall said.To be sure, California already has a long, boom-to-bust history with oil that started in 1865 with a discovery east of San Francisco and includes the great boom of 1894 around Los Angeles.Though the state is still the country’s fourth-largest oil producer -- behind Texas, North Dakota and Alaska -- production has declined since roughly the mid-1980s.Occidental Petroleum and Venoco are already working the Monterey Shale region with Hess Corp. purportedly among the other major oil companies making a foray – amid a real estate boom and middlemen snapping up leases for acres held by the Bureau of Land Management.“We’ve seen a significant increase in the last three to five years in the price paid from our sales,” said Gabriel Garcia, a field manager at the agency’s Bakersfield office, recently told The New York Times. “Some of that has to do with speculation on new technologies, and some of that has to do with the high price of oil.”Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL(CNN) - Call it the bromance, part two.President Barack Obama and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie team up Tuesday to survey recovery efforts along the Jersey shore, seven months after Superstorm Sandy slammed into the Garden State and neighboring New York, causing billions in damage.
   
The destructive storm hit the northeast just over a week before last November's presidential election, forcing both Obama and Republican nominee Mitt Romney to put their campaigns on hold briefly while the heavily-populated region recovered.The president traveled to New Jersey a few days after Sandy hit to observe federal recovery efforts, touring the damage with Christie, who at the time was a top Romney surrogate.Standing next to the president, Christie praised Obama, saying "I cannot thank the president enough for his personal concern and compassion for our state and for the people of our state."Some political pundits say that the storm, which put the campaign on hold, and the federal government's response to the storm, were a couple of the many contributing factors that helped the president win re-election just a few days later. While Christie's own approval rating in New Jersey soared after Sandy, and has remained high to date as he runs for re-election this year, some commentators in his own party blasted him for his praise of Obama.“He’s fat and a fool. Don’t listen to Governor Christie. He doesn’t know what he’s talking about,” said conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh. Christie himself dismissed the critics, saying his actions after the storm weren't in any way motivated by politics – including a potential bid for the 2016 GOP presidential nomination. He reiterated that mindset last week, saying on NBC's "Today" he wasn't worried about how Obama's visit might affect his political future."If the president wants to come back here and see the progress himself, I never worry about that stuff," Christie said Friday morning." "I worry about doing my job.""The bottom line is you can't experience the way you're experiencing it right now unless you're here and you see it for yourself," Christie added. "The fact of the matter is he's president of the United States and if he wants to see the people of New Jersey, I'm the governor and I'll be here to welcome him."Christie political adviser Mike DuHaime said the governor was putting his constituents' needs ahead of partisan politics."Governor Christie has always put the best interests of the people who elected him first, well ahead of any political calculations," DuHaime said. "If some people do not agree with putting your constituents first in a time of crisis and natural disaster, then so be it.  He will always put the people who elected him first."In New Jersey, Obama and Christie will tour areas hit hard by last year's storm, which caused an estimated $38 billion in damage to the Garden State. Hundreds of thousands of homes were either damaged or destroyed, with many ocean-front businesses also sustaining significant harm from the high winds and storm surge.Those businesses on the Jersey Shore are still working to recover at the beginning of the busy summer tourist season, which in years past has brought billions of dollars in revenue to the state.Millions have been spent rebuilding boardwalks and restoring destroyed businesses, but thinner crowds are expected this summer as towns continue to work toward getting back to normal.In Asbury Park, the iconic hometown of Bruce Springsteen, Obama will deliver remarks and "highlight the extensive rebuilding efforts to date," the White House said.They added Obama will "underscore his administration's ongoing commitment to stand with the impacted communities as the important work of recovery continues.""It's a pretty vivid illustration about the president's commitment to seeing these things through," deputy press secretary Josh Earnest said Sunday. "The president made a promise, in the aftermath of that storm, that he would continue to focus on that recovery effort and that the federal government would continue to focus on that recovery effort long after the nation's attention, or at least the media's attention had turned elsewhere," Earnest added.Even as Christie enjoys a healthy lead over his Democratic rival in this year's governor's race, many wonder how his public embrace of Obama - both last fall and now - will affect his presidential chances in 2016. Christie, who has said he's not interested in running for president, is nonetheless widely speculated to be a potential candidate.Rich Galen, a GOP political analyst who advised Fred Thompson during his 2008 presidential bid, said Christie has a number of "institutional problems" aside from his relationship with Obama. He hails from the East Coast, and doesn't particularly align with the GOP's major factions."That being said, if it looks, two years down the road, like he can win and no one else can, all else will be forgiven," Galen said. "Obama's not running again, but Christie is so I suspect that other than the ideologues, he'll be fine.""Republicans are still furious at Governor Christie, but not as mad as they are at President Obama," noted GOP strategist Alex Castellanos. "If Christie demonstrates that he can wrest the White House back for Republicans and reverse the leftward shift of Obama's 8 years, many Republicans will forgive his sins."  Tuesday's trip will mark the second time in just three days Obama has traveled to the site of a natural disaster – he toured tornado-inflicted damage in Moore, Oklahoma on Sunday and encouraged further Congressional support for programs that bolster emergency management systems for municipalities."Training, education, both for citizenry but also for first responders, is absolutely critical," Obama said. "And we've got to make sure that those resources remain in place. So I know everybody in Congress cares deeply about what's happening, and I'm confident that resources will be forthcoming when it comes to rebuilding."Obama praised the Federal Emergency Management Agency for its quick response to the Moore tornado, just as he did last fall when Sandy struck the East Coast. Long the object of scorn for its missteps in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, FEMA has been commended by localities for responding quickly to disasters and reducing some of the bureaucratic hurdles of the past.Obama is the The President of the  United States of America, get over it, pull your heads from the sand@just askingGee, you're confused. The Great Depression took more than a decade to stabilized. Significant progress has been made on stabilizing and regrowing the economy, despite deliberate roadblocks by conservatives. During the President's 2011 Stae of the Union, he introduced the American Jobs Act which the CBO and several independent economists said would create 1.9 million jobs right away. However, teapublicans fillibustered the bill claiming that it won't work but they're yet to introduce a bill of their own that works. And by the way, if Bush ended the Iraq war, then he should have brought our troops home when he returned to Texas. And I'm glad you didn't say Clinton started the war.Oh Rick, I wish President Obama was a dictator....... Then he could tell the GOP to take a flying leap....And many other things I wish he could do....."Are you questioning that they are NOT making billions in profit?"
------
Nope, not questioning it whatsoever. You can't argue facts. Sooooooooooo.... let's do something with the tax code that allows corporations like GE that make billions in profit, ships jobs overseas, and pays ZERO in taxes, shall we? FIX THE TAX CODE.Oh... and don't bring up the tried and true "oil company subsidies"... you'll never hear me defending them.This country needs a leader like Gov Christi who speaks what needs to be said regardless of political party.  Gov Christi is doing what needs to be done and said for the people that elected him and he would be great for this country because he has little use of the political bs that has strapped this country since President Reagan.“He’s fat and a fool. Don’t listen to Governor Christie. He doesn’t know what he’s talking about,” said conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh.For a moment there, I thought Rush was talking about himself.The fact is, Chris Christie is the one Republican in the news that is interested in actually governing, whereas the rest of the party is trying to prove that government cannot work ever. I probably disagree with 75 % of Christie's policy positions, but I respect that he is what he is, and that it...typical East Coaster. No BS.Fair is Fair wrote:Nope, not questioning it whatsoever. You can't argue facts. Sooooooooooo.... let's do something with the tax code that allows corporations like GE that make billions in profit, ships jobs overseas, and pays ZERO in taxes, shall we? FIX THE TAX CODE.Oh... and don't bring up the tried and true "oil company subsidies"... you'll never hear me defending them.
------–
it is not a matter of you defending them.  The people you defend are the ones who defend tax breaks.  They are also the same folks who balk at tax code reform.  They filibuster it in the Senate, and don't vote on it in the House.  Those are the people whom you so vigorously defend, which means that you, too, defend them.Wake up People!Actually Fair, it seems as if the Corporations know people are desperate to work and they are taking advantage of that fact. That's what I'm seeing everywhere I look. I do think that's what Lynda was trying to convey. I know companies that 10 years ago, starting pay was $15 per hour then, but the same job now starts off at $10. It's greed plain and simple.
___________________No it is called economics, supply and demand, that is how our economy works!!!!  If there is a surplus in the supply of jobs, the wage WILL decrease and vise versus.  Maybe if you learned a little about economics and how the economy worked, you could actually have an intelligent argument and not argue based on emotions!!ebony an ivory is meeting on jersey shore its about time the people wake up when its come to president obama hes black an hes proud of his color.  chirs now wanting to meet with the president he look beyound his color an seen the needs of  president.Christie knows if it weren't for republicans and their callus ways NJ would of been taken care of months before..But when the likes of Cantor,McConnell and Boehner want federal spending cuts to equal emergency did its anybodies quess when monies would have been released right, ole sanctumonious consrvstive ones or am I talking to just rocks here!!Correction, I mean surplus in the supply of WORKERS and a shortage in the supply of jobs.  The market will correct itself back to equiliibrium by lowering the pay of those jobs."This country needs a leader like Gov Christi who speaks what needs to be said regardless of political party."He'd be an awful president. You can't punch foreign leaders in the mouth or shove them out of your way. Governor is the place for him, and give him a spiked mace to pound on the table during meetings.Me wrote:No it is called economics, supply and demand, that is how our economy works!!!! If there is a surplus in the supply of jobs, the wage WILL decrease and vise versus. Maybe if you learned a little about economics and how the economy worked, you could actually have an intelligent argument and not argue based on emotions!!Correction, I mean surplus in the supply of WORKERS and a shortage in the supply of jobs. The market will correct itself back to equiliibrium by lowering the pay of those job
-----
That's pure, simple, dogmatic, hogwash.  Markets don't correcrt themselves back to equilibrium.  Greed rules everything.  It is the fundamental catalyst in capitalism.  Salaries have been frozen, or shrinking, for the past three decades and longer.  It's all about greed, making up excuses to rationalize the greed and hide it from themselves.@Me.
Maybe you should try to be civil instead of taking jabs at people you don't know. I went to school, graduated and took economics. As a matter of fact, we learned about supply and demand in elementary school. The point I was making is companies are now paying a much lower wage because they know people are desperate for work after the economy collapsed."The point I was making is companies are now paying a much lower wage because they know people are desperate for work after the economy collapsed."Cyclical recessions are pretty convenient for ruining the middle-class and reminding them they should be happy to get the table scraps from their plutocrat betters, eh?"The point I was making is companies are now paying a much lower wage because they know people are desperate for work after the economy collapsed."
-----------
In many cases, the lower wages are a direct result of union busting.  I know of a textbook example about a county owned hospital, located just north of NYC.  In the late 1990s, Republicans took over the county's government, as part of the Gingrich revolution.  They immediately set their sights on privatizing everything the county owned.  They privatized the county owned hospital.  Said it was a revenue bandit, and blamed union wages for the annual funding needed to sustain the facility.  They sold it to a private group, who immediately laid of all of the unionized housekeeping and maintenance workers. They offered these jobs, which now had no health benefits, at half the wages paid out under county ownership.  Former workers were given first opportunity to fill the positions.  Since that time, the hospital has needed more country funding than it had during any point in its' history.  The facility no longer employes unionized workers, but most of the top executives get handsome 7 figure salaries.  Under county ownership, the top salaries were under $250,000 per year.  Why anyone sitting on Board of Directors, which is a part time job, deserves a 7 figure salary when the facility is losing money year and year out is beyond my understanding.  What they have come to learn, however, is that the real reason for the annual losses is due to the fact that so many are treated who have no health insurance coverage.  Most of their services are given away.@MeYou know, it really IS all about greed.  And all about power as well.  And while I sit on my little perch in this big old world we live in - nothing, and I mean nothing - is more disgusting to witness then watching power and greed talking points being played out by the little people who will never understand that it is THEY who are the ones being taken to the cleaners by those who, and for whatever reason, are more than willing to condemn others simply by thinking of themselves as being the "top dogs" of a society steeped in senseless greed.To all you Obama-haters: If the President didn't show support for New Jersey and the other states affected by Sandy, you'd be whining on about how he doesn't care about the American people.I understand your confusion, though, after GW Bush said about Osama bin Laden: "I don’t know where he is. I really just don’t spend that much time on him, to be honest with you."@Sniffit and Rudy.Exactly. It's practically legalized slavery. Companies don't even offer raises anymore. Then there are the Right to work for less states like the one I'm in.  I'm sick of hearing how unions broke the companies but the executives get 7 figure bonuses......The rich are getting richer, filthy in fact, the poor are getting poorer, and the middle class is the new poor.It sure is nice to see some bi-partisanship. I got a chance to meet Gov. Christie on Saturday.@ ja – Obama is the The President of the United States of America, get over it, pull your heads from the sand
------------–
The Teathuglican party has their heads up their own behinds.  They have hated the President from day one, and they hate any show of bipartisanship.  I'm glad Christie isn't bowing down to their little tricks.@ja – Obama is the The President of the United States of America, get over it, pull your heads from the sand
-----------------–
The Teathuglicans have hated our president from day one, and do not like any show of bipartisanship.  I'm proud of Christie for not bowing down to their little tricks.I just to read these posts by the 'economic geniuses' who have no clue about the reality of what is happening.  Markets 'correcting themselves' and this idea that greedy boardmembers are going to make decisions that are 'best' for the market place and not try to get all they can, while they can.  The numero uno problem in not just America, but this world, is pure and simple 'GREED'.  And unless we make a reversal back to ensuring Labor has a seat at the table then we are doomed to fall back into a Noblesse system where the rich basically own the poor.  Which I'm sure the rich would have no problem with that, after all they are special, because they are rich (kinda' that whole circular reasoning thing).I still don't understand the fascination with the NJ Governor.  I appreciate his toughness and he is a good speaker but it looks like he is getting free pass on his role actually governing the state.  Here are some key stats about his progress or lack of progress in his state.    – New Jersey ranked 47th in the nation in GDP growth in 2011. [Bureau of Economic Analysis]    – The Garden state’s unemployment rate of 9.8 percent is fourth highest in the nation, trailing only Nevada, California, and Rhode Island. [Bureau of Labor Statistics]    – New Jersey lost 12,000 jobs last month, the most in the country. [Bureau of Labor Statistics]    – The state ranked 44th in personal income growth in 2011. [Bureau of Economic Analysis]Our country overall is doing far better than New Jersey.  Why is nobody talking about this?President Barack Obama will deliver a speech at Georgetown University Tuesday afternoon in which he will call for new regulations aimed at restricting carbon dioxide emissions from existing coal-fired power plants, not just new ones. Previously, Obama had aimed regulations at new coal plants. Shares of U.S. coal stocks plummeted ahead of the speech, though the Washington Post suggested global market turmoil played a role.The Obama administration has been uniquely hostile to coal and other fossil fuels, despite the fact that the rapid expansion of natural gas development through “fracking” and oil production from shale deposits has driven much of the growth that the U.S. economy has mustered during his presidency. Permits for oil and gas exploration and development on federal land have slowed; offshore oil and gas activity has been blocked, especially after the Deepwater Horizon spill of 2010, even in defiance of the courts; and the Environmental Protection Agency has pushed new emissions rules despite Congress’s refusal to pass a cap-and-trade bill.Obama has long singled out coal in particular. In January 2008, as he sought to outflank rival presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on the left, then-Sen. Obama promised to “bankrupt” new coal plants. His administration issued heavy-handed new regulations on coal, forcing many plants out of production. And his left-wing supporters in Hollywood have cheered him on, encouraging him to bypass Congress, far from the job losses that will occur. Politicians of both parties in coal-producing state have protested, to little avail.Earlier this week, seven governors wrote to the president to urge him to stop new EPA regulations on the new source performance standard (NSPS) for new coal power plants, arguing that they would cause plants to be shuttered, and pointing out the industry’s own progress on reducing emissions. Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett (R) was one of the seven, and wrote to the president: “It is imperative that abundant natural resources such as coal continue to be available to meet our base load electricity needs. I am convinced that we can achieve this goal, while lowering emissions. Significant technological advancements in generating plant efficiency and emission capture and reduction are within reach, but need regulatory flexibility that does not discriminate against our own home-grown energy resources if they are to be achieved.”Nevertheless, Obama is expected to announce an expansion of regulations. The New York Times reported last week that the president would seek to apply regulations to existing coal plants as well as new ones. In his speech at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin, Germany last week, President Obama warned of the need to take action against “coastlines that vanish, oceans that rise”–an echo of his much-lampooned 2008 speech in Minneapolis upon winning the Democratic nomination, in which he said that he was “absolutely certain” that future generations would remember his nomination and anticipated victory as the moment that “when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal.”For Obama and his most radical supporters, that moment was much delayed–perhaps, until today.PoliticsCongressTom CorbettWashington Post.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Get the latest breaking news and stay on top of the stories that matter most with NBC News NOW.NBC News has designed a tool that tells you everything you need to know about getting a Covid-19 shot, based on your unique situation. Plan your own vaccine — or help a loved one.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALDo Not Sell Running from Los Angeles to San Francisco, California's Monterey Shale is thought to contain more oil than North Dakota's Bakken and Texas's Eagle Ford -- both scenes of an oil boom that's created thousands of jobs and boosted U.S. oil production to the highest rate in over a decade.  In fact, the Monterey is thought to hold over 400 billion barrels of oil, according to IHS Cambridge Energy Research Associates. That's nearly half the conventional oil in all of Saudi Arabia. The United States consumes about 19 million barrels of oil a day.  "Four hundred billion barrels, that doesn't escape anyone in this businesses," said Stephen Trammel, energy research director at IHS.  The trick now is getting it out.  Related: World's 10 biggest energy projects  As a result of the San Andres fault, California's geologic layers are folded like an accordion rather than simply stacked on top of each other like they are in other Shale states. The folds have naturally cracked the shale rock, and much of California's current "conventional" oil production -- the third largest in the nation -- is thought to come from the Monterey.  But the folds mean recent advancements that have made shale oil and gas profitable to extract -- horizontal drilling combined with hydraulic fracturing -- don't work as well in California. It's hard to drill horizontally if the shale is not flat.  Plus, it appears the Monterey is made up of shale rock that doesn't respond as well to hydraulic fracturing -- the controversial practice known as fracking that involves injecting water, sand and chemicals into the ground under high pressure to crack the rock and allow the oil and gas to flow.  Still, the U.S. Energy Information Agency estimates there are over 15 billion barrels of oil that can be recovered using today's technology.  "That's a huge number," said Matt Woodson, an analyst at the energy research firm Wood Mackenzie. Woodson said the 15 billion number far exceeds current estimates for North Dakota's Bakken Shale, and is about half the amount held in Alaska's North Slope before it was tapped.  That potential has attracted the attention of the oil industry.  Several oil companies have put together research teams to work on the Monterey, said Katie Potter, head of exploration and production staffing at NES Global Talent, a company that recruits oil industry professionals.  If the Monterey takes off, Potter said the impact on jobs in the state would be huge, saying the shale boom has already created 600,000 jobs nationwide over the last few years.  "It could potentially solve the state's budget deficit," she said.  Related: U.S. to become biggest oil producer -- IEA  Last month, the government held a lease sale to drill in the Monterey. While only a modest 18,000 acres were offered, they were all snapped up.  Occidental (OXY), which is California-based and has long held acres in the Monterey, has had some success using a technology known as deep acid injection, said IHS's Trammel.  The process involves injecting hydrofluoric or other acids deep underground, where they eat away at the shale rock and allow the oil to flow. It's cheaper than fracking, said Trammel. And while it sounds ominous, it may not be as controversial, as the volumes involved are far less and it's not done under such pressure, he said.  Still, no matter how the oil is produced, environmentalists in the Golden State are keeping close watch.  Fracking could still become an issue, as it has in other states where it's led to fears over groundwater contamination, said Nathan Matthews, a Sierra Club attorney based in San Francisco. And there's no guarantee acid injection is much better.  Plus, there's air pollution, road congestion and other issues that go along with an oil boom.  Matthews wants California regulators to require full disclosure of everything the oil industry is putting in the ground, as well as individual permits issued for each well drilled.  "There's a chance to get this done much better than where it's been done elsewhere," said Matthews. "We need to understand the risks before we open the flood gate."  Regulations or not, there's still no guarantee there will be an oil boom at all.  "It might not live up to its expectations," said Fadel Gheit, a senior energy analyst at Oppenheimer. "The industry has not concluded whether it's boom or bust."  But given the rapid advances over the last few years in oil drilling and producing technology, the smart money may be on boom.  "There are some pretty creative people in this industry," said Trammel. "I'd say they are going to figure it out." 
        Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2019 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc.2019. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2019 and/or its affiliates.
        © 2020 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.
        
        CNN Sans™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.AdvertisementSupported byOp-Ed ContributorBy Lincoln ChafeePROVIDENCE, R.I.ON Thursday, the Rhode Island House of Representatives is expected to approve legislation to extend the right to marry to all Rhode Islanders, regardless of sexual orientation. I plan to sign the Marriage Equality Act into law immediately after the vote, on the steps of the Rhode Island State House, overlooking downtown Providence. This is the same spot where, in my 2011 inaugural address, I called for Rhode Island to embrace marriage equality.Signing the bill will be gratifying for many reasons. When I first defended gay marriage in 2004, as a Republican United States senator, most of my party colleagues were extreme in their opposition. In fact, to draw a line in the sand, they scheduled a vote on a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage in June 2006 — just before the height of a campaign season.In the end, only six Republican senators joined me in opposing the amendment: Susan Collins, Judd Gregg, John McCain, Olympia Snowe, Arlen Specter and John E. Sununu. Of those, only Mr. McCain and Ms. Collins remain in the Senate. Even many of those Republicans opposing a constitutional ban avoided taking a position on gay marriage by saying it was an issue best left to the states. But I went further and announced my support for full marriage equality.I was one of only four members of the entire Senate to take that stand, along with Senators Ron Wyden, Edward M. Kennedy and Russell Feingold — three of the most socially liberal members of the chamber at the time. Hardly common company for a Republican.As it turned out, I did lose office in 2006, as part of the general rejection of Republican leadership that year. But I was elected governor as an independent in 2010, and I was proud to see that my stand on gay marriage stood up well over the years.A historic realignment is happening all around us, as Americans from all walks of life realize that this is the right thing to do. It is occurring both inside and outside of politics, through conversations at the office and over kitchen tables, and at different speeds in different parts of the country. But once the people have spoken, politics should do its part to make the change efficient and constructive.Much of the argument for and against gay marriage has revolved around the morality of the issue. Each side feels intensely that its position is more righteous than the other side’s. I personally feel that Rhode Island is a better state, and America is a better country, when we are as inclusive as possible.But over the last few years, as governor, I have been impressed by another argument, one that is less connected to convictions of personal morality, and one that ought to unite all Rhode Islanders. No issue is more important to my state than job creation. Rhode Island was badly battered by the recession of 2008, but we are moving in the right direction. Jobs are the only way forward — we need to keep the ones we have, and we need to create new ones.There are good signs — our unemployment rate has just undergone the largest yearly drop since 1985 — but one needless obstacle to our recovery remains. Rhode Island is part of a highly regional economy, with the other New England states and New York in constant competition with us for innovative companies, and particularly for the young, open-minded individuals who are close to the heartbeat of the new digital economy. In our small cluster of states, it is relatively easy for a company or a person to cross a border seeking a more favorable climate. And in recent years Rhode Island has been an outlier among our surrounding states: we are the only one prohibiting same-sex couples from marrying.Many experts have found evidence of a strong correlation between tolerance and prosperity, particularly in high-tech sectors. One of them, the author Richard Florida, has identified the “three T’s” — talent, technology and tolerance — as the fundamental basis for the growth of new economies.With a high concentration of outstanding colleges and universities, Rhode Island certainly has the talent. The technology is there as well, with our state’s broadband speed and coverage ranked among the nation’s best. The Beacon Hill Institute’s most recent State Competitiveness Report also placed Rhode Island fifth among all states in the technology category. Now we are poised to adopt the third and final T: tolerance.The point is not simply that we are welcoming to gay people, though we are. It is that we want to welcome everyone. The talented workers who are driving the new economy — young, educated and forward-looking — want to live in a place that reflects their values. They want diversity, not simply out of a sense of justice, but because diversity makes life more fun. Why would any state turn away the people who are most likely to create the economies of the 21st century?I have been heartened in recent months to see members of my old party coming around on marriage equality, including the entire Republican caucus in the Rhode Island Senate — the first time a caucus of either party has been unanimous in its support. That reflects sound political judgment, and some values that are at least as Republican as they are Democratic, including a belief in marriage as an institution and a desire to keep government out of our personal lives.The push for equality will continue to grow stronger in statehouses, courthouses and polling places in every state in America. This is, by and large, a generational issue, not a geographic one. Even in the reddest states, the rising generations are far more tolerant than their parents and grandparents. As this shift continues, marriage equality will inevitably become law in more and more states. The states that cling to their old prohibitions will then be viewed as the outliers. Like Rhode Island in recent years, they will be seen as islands of old thinking.This is also true, more broadly, at the national level. The United States is at a competitive disadvantage in attracting skilled workers to fill high-level jobs in technology, finance and health care, as noted by industry leaders and Wall Street executives at Monday’s annual “Out on the Street” conference. It is my hope that the Supreme Court will choose to overturn the Defense of Marriage Act, and that my fellow governors will lobby their Congressional delegations to address our country’s discriminatory policies at the federal level.So tomorrow, when I sign the Marriage Equality Act into law, I will be thinking of the Rhode Islanders who have fought for decades simply to be able to marry the person they love. I will be thinking of how Rhode Island is upholding its legacy as a place founded on the principles of tolerance and diversity. But I will also be thinking, as all governors must, about the economy. With marriage equality becoming law tomorrow night in Rhode Island, we are sending a clear message that we are open for business, and that all are welcome. I hope that leaders in capitals across the country — including Washington — will soon realize that marriage equality is an issue where doing the right thing and the smart thing are one and the same.AdvertisementTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.NEW: President Obama says gun violence harms economic growthHe awards Presidential Citizens Medals posthumously to educators killed in Newtown The NRA opposes Obama's gun plan as a step toward unconstitutional restrictionsAn expert on urban crime says the president's package would help
  President Barack Obama said Friday that children from communities wracked by poverty and violence need help from the government, schools, family and clergy to have a chance to climb “ladders of opportunity” to reach the middle class and beyond.

  Speaking at a Chicago high school near where he used to live, Obama cited gun violence that killed 443 people in the city last year as one reason why children need community wide support to help them believe they can improve their lives through education and hard work.

  “In too many neighborhoods today, whether here in Chicago or the farthest reaches of rural America, it can feel like, for a lot of young people, the future only extends to the next street corner or the outskirts of town,” he said, adding “that no matter how much you work or how hard you try, your destiny was determined the moment you were born.”

  Making his third campaign-style appearance in three days, Obama again emphasized proposals from Tuesday’s State of the Union address, such as raising the minimum wage to $9 an hour and providing good pre-schooling for every child as necessary to help people better themselves.

  The president also called for Congress to vote on a package of gun proposals aimed at decreasing shootings like ones that occur daily on streets and in homes, as well as mass killings in recent months at a school, a movie theater and even a place of worship.

  According to the Centers of Disease Control, there were 11,078 homicides by firearm in the United States in 2010, and 7,220 of the victims – 65% – were aged 15-34. In addition, 6,151 – or 56% – were African American, a demographic that comprises about 13% of the total U.S. population.

  “This is not just a gun issue,” he continued. “It’s also an issue of the kinds of communities that we’re building, and for that we all share responsibility as citizens to fix it.”

  It all starts at home, the president said, calling “strong, stable families” and “loving, supportive parents” the most important ingredients for reducing violence. 

  Noting he was raised by a single mother, he called for promoting marriage and encouraging fatherhood, saying he wished he had a father around and involved when he was a boy.

  “By the way, that’s all kinds of parents,” he added, drawing applause when he specified “it includes gay or straight parents.”

  He acknowledged the challenge, saying “it will not be easy, but it can be done.”

  “No solution we offer will be perfect,” he said. “But perfection has never been our goal.  Our goal has been to try and make whatever difference we can.”

  Obama headed to his hometown after a White House ceremony Friday morning to award the Presidential Citizens Medal – the nation’s second-highest civilian honor – to 18 people. They included posthumous honors for six educators killed along with 20 first-graders in December’s Connecticut school massacre.

  The president hugged family members of the slain teachers and administrators from Sandy Hook Elementary School in presenting the medals, saying: “We could not be more grateful to your loved ones, who gave everything they had” for the children in their care.

  In his remarks later at Chicago’s Hyde Park Academy High School, Obama mentioned Hadiya Pendleton, 15, who was killed by gunfire in the city last month after returning from taking part in inaugural activities in Washington.

  Pendleton’s parents were in the crowd Friday, just as they were at the State of the Union as guests of first lady Michelle Obama, who attended Hadiya’s funeral.

  The president said his package of gun measures was intended to save young lives and that  “they deserve a vote,” repeating the phrase a few times as he did in Tuesday’s address at the Capitol.

  Chicago’s record murder rate: Don’t blame guns alone

  Fierce opposition by the National Rifle Association makes passage of any significant gun legislation uncertain. In response to Obama’s State of the Union address, the NRA has sought to discredit the motives and impacts of legislation proposed by the president and Democrats.

  “They only care about their decades-old gun control agenda — ban every gun they can, tax every gun sold and register every gun owner,” NRA chief executive Wayne LaPierre said in a statement on Thursday. “This president has taken the art of public deception and manipulation to a whole new level.”

  Obama seeks an updated version of the 1994 assault weapons ban, which expired in 2004, that would prevent the manufacture and sale of some semi-automatic rifles modeled after fully automatic assault weapons.

  Obama’s emotional plea might lead to vote on guns

  He also proposes limiting ammunition magazines to 10 rounds, expanding background checks to all gun transactions, including sales at gun shows. In addition, the president wants Congress to take steps to better screen people with  mental illnesses, so they cannot obtain weapons.

  Legislation proposed so far also would crack down on so-called straw purchases, in which a legal buyer purchases weapons for distribution to non-legal buyers.

  The NRA and other opponents argue the Democratic proposals are veiled attempts to limit gun ownership and eventually take away weapons, and therefore violate the constitutional right to bear arms.

  In particular, opponents contend the proposed ban on semi-automatic rifles focuses on a weapon used in a tiny percentage of killings and other gun violence.

  Opinion: Chicago’s violence took my dad, friends

  Harold Pollack, co-director of the University of Chicago Crime Lab, confirmed on Friday that so-called assault weapons targeted by the proposed ban account for a small fraction of murders in the United States.

  However, Pollack said the ban proposed by Obama can help reduce gun violence, especially what he called the psychologically impactful mass shootings such as the Newtown attack in which a lone gunman used a Bushmaster semi-automatic rifle.

  The combination of such weapons with high-capacity magazines “facilitates mass homicides,” Pollack told CNN, noting that professional criminals generally don’t use such rifles that look like military weapons.

  “The people who do use these weapons are often the most dangerous or most sociopathic,” Pollack said. The Newtown shooter, a 20-year-old man living with his mother, took her legally owned guns and killed her before going to the school to open fire on students and teachers.

  New player in gun control ad wars

  To Pollack, such a mass killing – while relatively rare – “traumatizes communities and the entire society in a way that demands attention.”

  Studies show that street crime such as shooting deaths cost communities more than lives, Pollack said, citing emergency medical services and criminal investigation as tangible costs along with intangibles such as residents moving away to escape the threat.

  Obama also made that point in his remarks on Friday, saying “it’s very hard to develop economically if people don’t feel safe.”

  In the aftermath of the Newtown shootings, the NRA called for putting armed guards at every school, rather than seeking to limit the ability of people to obtain weapons. It also wants tougher enforcement of existing gun laws, which Pollack agreed was necessary.

  “A lot of the underground gun market could be stopped if we treated guns with the same amount of determination and tools as the drug market,” he said.

  For example, Pollack noted how committing a crime with a gun brought additional charges, and he called for similar treatment for illegally possessing a firearm.

  How we talk about guns in my Chicago classroom

  In a Google Hangout online chat on Thursday, a participant asked Obama how renewing the assault weapons ban would help reduce gun violence caused primarily by handguns.

  He responded that his proposed package would affect handgun violence through the expanded background checks and cracking down on straw purchases. Renewing the weapons ban focused on what Obama called “weapons of war.”

  “It’s not going to solve every problem,” the president continued, noting that some restrictions are already in place.

  “We can’t purchase a grenade launcher from a store, although there may be some folks who want to buy those,” he said. “And the reason is we think on balance, the Second Amendment does not automatically assume that any weapon that’s available you can automatically purchase.”

  NRA: Obama’s State of the Union shows true colors on gun violence

  CNN’s Ashley Killough, Paul Steinhauser and Halimah Abdullah contributed to this report.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.Sorry, we're currently unable to bring you the page you're looking for.
                                    Please try:
                                
                                Alternatively, please visit the
                                
                                    BBC News homepage.
                                
                            
                            © 2020 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites.
                            
                                Read about our approach to external linking.
                            
                        As our national debt continues to soar, taxes to rise, and the overall economy to tank, President Obama is talking about…gun control.He is doing this so he can seize on the emotions of those who operate emotionally rather than rationally, thereby diverting their attention from the real crisis our nation faces right now — which is financial in nature. We are still headed toward the fiscal cliff we narrowly missed days ago: our rendezvous with it was only pushed back a few months. Yet the focus coming out of the White House is on ending gun shows, making 30 round magazines harder to get, and adding a greater psychological component to background checks. Never mind that these things will neither stop or even delay another Sandy Hook from happening — they are not meant to. Rather, they are meant to take our eyes off the ball and redirect all emotion to a red herring so that the real fight–a fight to rein in spending, cut taxes, reduce our debt, and stabilize our economy–is not even talked about.Moreover. Senators like Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) are right in line with Obama, pushing the wildest gun control schemes imaginable as a way to stir up even more emotion in the form of protest, thereby keeping our eye off the ball to an even greater extent.Am I saying we accept gun control? NO, NO, NO, and even hell no — Our motto remains, “From my cold dead hands.”  But what I am saying is we can’t fight gun control in a way that allows Obama to play us. He and the Dems will always take more gun control if they can get it, but right now, as much as anything, they’re also happy with the diversionary benefits they get from focusing on guns while the economy slides ever closer to the brink.PoliticsDianne FeinsteinWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAs our national debt continues to soar, taxes to rise, and the overall economy to tank, President Obama is talking about…gun control.He is doing this so he can seize on the emotions of those who operate emotionally rather than rationally, thereby diverting their attention from the real crisis our nation faces right now — which is financial in nature. We are still headed toward the fiscal cliff we narrowly missed days ago: our rendezvous with it was only pushed back a few months. Yet the focus coming out of the White House is on ending gun shows, making 30 round magazines harder to get, and adding a greater psychological component to background checks. Never mind that these things will neither stop or even delay another Sandy Hook from happening — they are not meant to. Rather, they are meant to take our eyes off the ball and redirect all emotion to a red herring so that the real fight–a fight to rein in spending, cut taxes, reduce our debt, and stabilize our economy–is not even talked about.Moreover. Senators like Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) are right in line with Obama, pushing the wildest gun control schemes imaginable as a way to stir up even more emotion in the form of protest, thereby keeping our eye off the ball to an even greater extent.Am I saying we accept gun control? NO, NO, NO, and even hell no — Our motto remains, “From my cold dead hands.”  But what I am saying is we can’t fight gun control in a way that allows Obama to play us. He and the Dems will always take more gun control if they can get it, but right now, as much as anything, they’re also happy with the diversionary benefits they get from focusing on guns while the economy slides ever closer to the brink.PoliticsDianne FeinsteinWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartFormer Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer has pledged his support for single-payer health care in the past, but his recent efforts to bring zero-cost sharing primary and preventive care to Montana government employees and retirees may be doing something that most progressives would only dream could happen in America: bringing NHS-style, socialized medicine to Montana.This is a big deal and -- while currently limited to state employees and retirees -- could be laying the groundwork for America's most socially-just health care system. NPR has the details:A year later, the state says the clinic is already saving money.Pamela Weitz, a 61-year-old state library technician, was skeptical about the place at first."I thought it was just the goofiest idea, but you know, it's really good," she says. In the last year, she's been there for checkups, blood tests and flu shots. She doesn't have to go; she still has her normal health insurance provided by the state. But at the clinic, she has no co-pays, no deductibles. It's free.That's the case for the Helena area's 11,000 state workers and their dependents. With an appointment, patients wait just a couple minutes to see a doctor. Visitation is more than 75 percent higher than initial estimates.Even so, division manager Russ Hill says it's actually costing the state $1,500,000 less for healthcare than before the clinic opened."Because there's no markup, our cost per visit is lower than in a private fee-for-service environment," Hill says.Physicians are paid by the hour, not by the number of procedures they prescribe like many in the private sector. The state is able to buy supplies at lower prices.Bottom line: a patient's visit to the employee health clinic costs the state about half what it would cost if that patient went to a private doctor. And because it's free to patients, hundreds of people have come in who had not seen a doctor for at least two years.Clinic operations director and physician's assistant Jimmie Barnwell says this model feels more rewarding to him."Having those barriers of time and money taken out of the way are a big part [of what gets] people to come into the clinic. But then, when they come into the clinic, they get a lot of face time with the nurses and the doctors," Barnwell says.Even Republicans -- who, you know, are naturally predisposed to hate the idea of patients seeing doctors without cost-sharing -- have a tough time faulting the new clinics....Now, Lewis is a retired state employee himself. He says, personally, he does like going there, too."They're wonderful people, they do a great job, but as a legislator, I wonder how in the heck we can pay for it very long," Lewis says.What's most exciting about these clinics? More are on the way.An even higher number of 53% favor a partial government shutdown until “Democrats and Republicans can agree on what [general] spending to cut.” Only 37% oppose. For obvious reasons, the media refuse to make clear that it is not the GOP proposing any kind of government shutdown, partial or otherwise. The GOP’s plan is to kill the ObamaCare debacle with a bill that funds everything but the president’s job-killing health care plan. It is up to the president and Democrat-led Senate, then, to decide if this wildly unpopular drag on our economy is worth shutting down the government. Both the media and the president are eager for this showdown; both relish the idea of replaying the 1990s when the media and the Clinton White House worked together to bludgeon then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich over a similar gambit. This poll, though, shows that this tactic might not work as well this time. Just for starters, people are much more concerned about the deficit today than they were in the mid-nineties; and there was no boondoggle like ObamaCare hanging out there as a prize in a shutdown showdown. Make no mistake, the media will ignore this poll. The results do not fit the media’s pro-ObamaCare Narrative, and only interferes with the reality they are attempting to manufacture that says a shutdown can only mean disaster for the GOP.But to those interested in reality, this poll should be food for thought. Follow  John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC               PoliticsSenateWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALMost people are aware of the main provisions of the ACA: elimination of pre-existing conditions, kids allowed to be on their parents' insurance until age 26, coverage without cost for preventative healthcare, expansion of Medicaid for states willing to accept billions of dollars from the federal government, and of course, www.healthcare.gov and its insurance exchanges.However, there is a smaller part of the ACA that has potentially far-reaching effects on all of primary care, and I've hardly heard a thing about it in the media. It is helping primary care physicians transform how we deliver care to our population of patients and it is actually kind of exciting.Read on if you're interested in hearing a little more about the Comprehensive Primary Care initiative that just might save lives, provide better care, increase satisfaction for patients, doctors and their staffs, and might also gasp save a bunch of money.For a brief piece of background, I am a family practice physician in a multi-specialty group of about 60 doctors, mostly primary care.I think most people would agree that the American healthcare system has a lot of flaws. One of the biggest flaws is our fee-for-service system in general. It doesn't make any sense, but I get paid the same to see someone for an ear infection as I do to see someone with high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and diabetes. Someone comes for an appointment, and based on the level of detail I obtain in the history, the level of detail needed in physical examination, and the complexity of medical decision-making, that determines the fee for the visit. So as you can imagine, an ear infection or sore throat requires a LOT less work than managing three or more chronic problems, and the medications, labs, monitoring tests, etc. that go along with them. But again, you are paid the same to see the ear infection patient as you are to see the person with uncontrolled diabetes, high BP, and high cholesterol.On the surface, that makes no sense at all, but the thinking is that it probably costs too much for the ear infection, too little for the diabetes/BP/cholesterol patient, but it all evens out in the long run. The rules for 'coding' a level of service for an appointment govern the fees, and they are relatively simple, as otherwise it would just be too complicated to have a different fee structure for every diagnosis. Anyway, the idea is that it all comes out in the wash. That might be true in a simple world, but of course we live in a complex world with a lot of moving parts.As you can see, the fee-for-service environment does not really incentivize physicians to focus their efforts on chronic disease management. I'm not implying that physicians are not trying to do a good job or are just in it to make as much money as possible, but let's face it: if you make the same amount per patient, and you can see 30 patients with ear infections or 15 diabetic/hypertensive/hyperlipidemic patients, which would you choose? How would you set up your schedule?Everyone agrees that prevention is the most cost-effective way to keep people healthy. Vaccines, for example, are arguably the single most cost-effective thing in all of medicine (get your flu vaccine if you have not already done so, by the way!). Preventative care is now covered without a co-pay because of the ACA. That is awesome. However, better care/control of chronic disease doesn't pay well, as discussed above. But better control of diabetes, of BP, of cholesterol, of COPD, of asthma, of heart failure will save lots and lots and lots of money in the long run because complications of all these diseases are expensive. It costs a LOT to be in the hospital, to have a heart bypass, to have dialysis, etc. A rough estimate is that a well-controlled diabetic costs the system an average of $4,000 per year to take care of, but an uncontrolled diabetic will cost $16,000 or more. So why would we pay doctors the same for an ear infection as we would to take care of serious chronic disease?Part of the answer unfortunately is that people switch insurances and by the time they develop more significant complications, they are on Medicare anyway, so UHC, Humana, Anthem don't need to worry about paying for dialysis. In the long run, though, it saves us all money if we do a better job of taking care of chronic illness. So it makes sense to try to incentivize doctors to improve our chronic disease management instead of incentivizing doctors to just see as many patients as possible in the day.So enough background. Here's the good stuff. The ACA provides funding and guidance for a new way to approach health care. The Comprehensive Primary Care initiative is a program that involves about 500 practices across the country, in several geographic areas. Southwest Ohio/N. KY, New Jersey, Arkansas, Colorado, New York, Oregon, and Oklahoma have participating practices. Practices were selected based on a number of factors, including past willingness to participate in such things as NCQA quality recognition, and patient-centered medical home (PCMH) certification. You can read more here: http://innovation.cms.gov/...Basically, CMS (center for Medicare and Medicaid services) provides funding outside of the fee-for-service environment for practices to do a better job of chronic disease management. There is/was a detailed application process, and multiple milestones you have to meet, but a lot of it boils down to CMS providing additional monies for practices to use as they see fit in order to help improve the care for their patients, particularly (although not exclusively) those with higher risk chronic illness.The whole thing is actually really interesting. While there are quite a lot of specifics, there are also a lot of areas open to interpretation. CMS is partnering with multiple private insurance carriers to provide a monthly fee (outside of any appointment or fee-for-service interaction) to physician practices in order to help those practices invest in infrastructure which will help improve patient care. The amount per patient per month is based on risk assessment. Basically, the more diagnoses, and the more complicated a patient is, the higher the monthly fee. A well-controlled diabetic would have a lower fee than a diabetic with chronic kidney disease, heart disease, and neuropathy. So right off the bat, you can see how this is a paradigm shift from the traditional fee-for-service environment. You may actually be paid more to take care of a more complicated person and try to keep them out of the hospital.However, and this is a BIG part, the money from this CPC initiative can NOT be paid to physicians as compensation. It is to be used to improve infrastructure. This is actually pretty cool because instead of just paying doctors more and saying, "hey, if we pay you more, you'll do a better job, right?", CMS is saying, "we will give you money to use as you see fit (within the structure of our program and its milestones) to improve patient care which should improve outcomes, decrease severe complication rates, improve patient satisfaction, and eventually decrease overall costs through an investment up front."If you hadn't already guessed, my group has several practices involved in the CPCI program and we are excited about it. I don't know what the other 490-some practices across the country are doing, but we have used the money to hire more staff, including what we call Care Coordinators for each office, an RN who can reach out to patients before, during and after appointments to see how we can better coordinate care. We try to have labs drawn before folks come for appointments, so we can have already reviewed the results before walking in the room. This allows for more efficient care. If someone's cholesterol is not to goal, for example, we can increase the dose of their cholesterol medication while sitting with them and explaining why an LDL goal of under 70 is the target. This works a lot better than a medical assistant calling someone and playing phone tag three days after their appointment to try to make sure they know that the new dose is 40 mg instead of 20. Anyway, the Care Coordinator can help reach out to people who might need help paying for meds and see what assistance programs might help someone. She can help someone who was recently in the hospital understand their new medication regimen and help set up their follow up. If someone doesn't go for the colonoscopy or mammogram that we ordered, she can call them and find out why and/or encourage them to go (and maybe mention that preventative care is covered 100% now!). She can review their chart ahead of time and put in a reminder for the doctor that the patient is due for a pneumonia vaccine or a shingles vaccine. This is all part of the team-based approach to care which is helping to improve patient outcomes. Our practice would not really been able to afford a Care Coordinator without the CPCI monies. Our group has also decided to hire a diabetes educator. Insurance is often squirrelly about paying for diabetes education, despite study after study clearly showing the benefits. Now we will be able to offer diabetes eduction free of charge to all of our patients. This is pretty great all around. The doctors get more help, the patients get more individualized attention and care, outcomes improve, which specifically means someone didn't have a stroke. Someone didn't lose their vision because of diabetes. Someone had a precancerous colon polyp removed instead of being diagnosed with metastatic cancer a couple years later. Someone's grandmother didn't lose her foot. Oh, and all that stuff also saves money.That's the other piece of the CPCI, which is a multi-year venture: "shared savings." You can calculate how much a population of patients is likely to cost over say, three years, based on how sick they are. If people get their blood pressure, cholesterol, blood sugar, asthma under better control, they will cost less to take care of because they will have fewer ER visits, fewer hospitalizations, fewer procedures. Sure, they might take more medications, get more frequent lab tests, maybe more frequent (outpatient) doctor appointments, but this leads to an overall reduction of the cost of care. So for the additional work to do a better job of taking care of patients, practices in each region get a chance to share in the $$ saved by providing more efficient care. This will be calculated and distributed equally among the 75 or so practices in each region.There's of course a lot more to the story, but this diary is already rather lengthy. I'm excited about the program though. It really is a win-win. It has a lot of the things that us progressives like: government-initiated innovation. Science-based (or to use the medical buzzword, evidence-based) care. Regulations on how the money can be used, with the greater good in mind. Short term investment for long term success (I didn't mention that the money is eventually phased out with the hope that the infrastructure improvements will lead to overall better reimbursements, and a focus on "pay-for-performance" or better pay for better quality care). Using government dollars to help those who need it most (ie sicker patients). Shared benefits in the long run for all of us. If we are all healthier, we cost less to the healthcare system. We are more productive workers. We have fewer people on disability. We end up putting more $$ back into the economy and indirectly increase government revenue (if you can work more and make more money because you are healthier, you end up paying more taxes and of course can purchase more goods and services).Anyway, it's a relatively small part of the ACA, and unless you go to a practice involved in the CPCI, you likely would never hear about it. But in the long run, the idea is that the extra $$ will help to transform how we provide care, therefore leading to a sea change in primary care across the country. If you get better outcomes, improve patient satisfaction AND save money while practicing a certain way, every practice is going to want to adopt these methods. Over the next few years, the 500 practices will be sharing (HIPAA-compliant) data, successes and failures, to try to come up with "best practices" we can all use to keep people healthier longer. Because everyone benefits from that, and that is really what the Affordable Care Act is about.But can they really come to a deal? Tea Party Republicans are demanding Obamacare’s repeal in return for a budget deal. The President says he’ll refuse to negotiate. Things look hopelessly gridlocked.Look again. Boehner will want to give his party’s Tea Party wing something in return for dropping their futile Obamacare attacks, and entitlements would be the perfect prize. As for the president, in a terse conversation with Boehner on Friday he merely said “he wouldn’t negotiate with him on the debt limit,” according to Boehner’s office. The president and White House officials have consistently echoed the line taken last Sunday by presidential economic advisor Gene Sperling on a reporters’ call. “The President is not going to negotiate over the debt limit,” said Sperling. (emphasis ours) [...]And Republican Sen. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma said this: “If we found $700 billion in savings from entitlements—Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security—it would relieve pressure on the Pentagon and on non-mandatory spending. All the cuts they need are there to avoid a possible shutdown.”Something else Democrats should think about: cuts to Social Security and Medicare are even more unpopular than a government shutdown would be. There's no need to go there. At all.Join Daily Kos and CREDO in telling the Senate now is not the time to think about cuts to Social Security. Now is the time to support the Harkin and Begich plans to strengthen Social Security.In the media’s defense, some of the failures being reported on now weren’t apparent in 2009 and 2010, but that’s not my complaint. My complaint — and what should be America’s complaint — is where was this kind of scrutiny and reporting when this terrible bill was being gamed through the all-Democrat federal government? As we all know, skeptical, forward-looking media analysis of ObamaCare was pretty much non-existent back then. We also know that those who did read the bill and report on its real and potential horrors (through New Media and in Townhall meetings) were demonized by the media. Rather than report on the devilish details or laugh Democrats out of office for submitting fraudulent ObamaCare budgets to the CBO so the monstrosity could be called “deficit neutral,” the media instead played State Pipe Organ and focused on all the “goodies.” In the meantime, out here in the real world and contrary to all those cotton candy promises the media assured us would come true, insurers facing all kinds of restrictions and a glut of sick people have boosted our health care premiums, and companies everywhere are cutting back employee work hours to avoid being forced to provide insurance. Moreover, contrary to Obama’s biggest promise, people are losing their insurance because companies would prefer to pay the fine than for the Cadillac plans ObamaCare demands. And how can one even begin to count the number of individual ObamaCare horror stories that dribble out almost daily, not from the ObamaMedia, naturally — but from conservative media sites like Drudge? We’re about to face a terrifying shortage of physicians and heaven only knows what this means.  But if you believe in the philosophy of better-late-than-never, Politico actually summoned a little moral courage Friday morning. One of its morning leads takes a fairly in-depth look at how the bill remains unpopular and the massive uphill battle the government faces (money and tech) to get the ObamaCare pieces in place by October, when people are supposed to start signing up. (ObamaCare’s insurance exchanges and most punishing mandates hit early next year.)Here’s Wednesday’s Wonk Blog at the Washington Post:Last week I posted a copy of the draft application for Obamacare benefits, which clocks in at a hefty 21 pages. Consumer advocates and Wonkblog commenters had similar questions: Why on earth would the federal government create such a complex form to obtain a public benefit? You don’t have to spend much time with the chart to get that, it’s really not simple at all.And Wednesday’s New York Times:‘Our revenues are about $8 million, but the food business is a low-margin industry so cutting $108,000 out of our profits, which are just over $200,000, is a big deal,’ said Ms. Shein, who is the chief executive. They are evaluating different ways to comply with the new law and finance the expense.You get my point. But if you don’t, Sean Hannity has a terrific round-up here. Over at Investors Business Daily, they’ve come up with “10 Disturbing Facts Americans Have Learned” about ObamaCare over the last three years. A better title might have been “10 Disturbing Facts About ObamaCare the Media Are Still Covering Up.” Regardless, “disturbing” is a kind word when you’re talking about skyrocketing premium costs, losing your employer-based insurance, having your hours cut back, and nearly a trillion in new tax hikes that will hit the middle class. The damage Obama, Democrats, the media, and the Supreme Court have done to this country is impossible to wrap your mind around. How did so many become so corrupted that they gleefully aided and abetted the likely destruction of our most vital and successful institution: the imperfect but still amazing American health care system? And God help us; it is just getting started.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNCMediaPoliticoWashington Post.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsUS President Barack Obama and his predecessor Bill Clinton have joined forces to promote Mr Obama's healthcare initiative, just days before one of its major provisions takes effect.In New York, they discussed the law's progress and denounced Republican efforts to stymie its implementation.Beginning on 1 October, Americans who lack health insurance will be able to buy policies in online market places.Mr Obama said opponents were trying to "scare" people from signing up.Even as conservative groups have undertaken a broad effort to undermine the law by persuading people to ignore it, Mr Obama said he was confident Americans would come to see its advantages."When people look and see that they can get high-quality, affordable healthcare for less than their cell phone bill, they're going to sign up," Mr Obama said.The discussion, billed as an interview by Mr Clinton of Mr Obama took place on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly in New York.It was part of the Clinton Global Initiative, a conference featuring Mr Clinton that he has held regularly since leaving the White House in 2001.The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which Mr Obama's Democratic Party passed in 2010 in the face of unified Republican opposition, has been the centrepiece of Mr Obama's domestic policy agenda.Its provisions include a requirement, which takes effect in January, that individuals who do not have health insurance provided by their employers purchase it on the open market. On 1 October, online health insurance marketplaces run by the US federal government or by the states will begin accepting customers.Opposition to the law, which is known to both sides of the debate as Obamacare, has become one of the central tenets of Republican and conservative politics, analysts say.The House of Representatives, which is controlled by the Republican Party, has held dozens of votes on bills to repeal the law or strip it of funding. The bills have gone nowhere in the Democratic-controlled Senate.The law has become a central point in the ongoing budget battle, with some Republicans pushing to shut down the operation of the US government by not passing a new budget if the Democrats refuse to defund the law.On Friday, the House passed a bill that would prevent a government shutdown - but would strip the healthcare law of its funding. And on Tuesday, Republican Senator Ted Cruz of Texas undertook a marathon speech on the floor of the Senate to denounce the law and demand the government block its implementation."Those who have opposed the idea of universal healthcare in the first place and have fought this thing tooth and nail through Congress and through the courts and so forth have been trying to scare and discourage people from getting a good deal," Mr Obama said.On Monday, Mr Clinton asked Mr Obama why he had decided to tackle healthcare reform early in his first term, even as the economy was mired in one of the worst downturns since the Great Depression.Mr Obama said healthcare was a "massive" part of the American economy, and noted the US was the only advanced industrialised nation that permitted "large numbers of its people to languish without health insurance".The current US leader also accused congressional Republicans of using the "pretty straightforward" issue as political capital as the government hurdles toward a shutdown on 1 October, when the law funding its operation expires.US budget bill defunds health lawUS health mandate delayed till 2015US healthcare reform law upheldPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the worldPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policy1'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'2Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot3Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version6Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling7Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'8More than 1,800 prisoners escape in Nigeria9Rapper DMX in hospital after heart attack10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Many cash-strapped cities and counties facing the prospect of shelling out hundreds of thousands of dollars in new health-care costs under the Affordable Care Act are opting instead to reduce the number of hours their part-time employees work.On Tuesday, Middletown Township, N.J. said it would reduce the hours of 25 part-time workers to avoid up to $775,000 in increased annual health-care costs. Earlier this month, Bee County, Tex., said it would limit its part-time workers to 24 hours per week when the new fiscal year starts Oct. 1.Last month, department heads in Brevard County, Fla., were told to plan similar cuts in advance of the 2015 deadline. Brevard County Insurance Director Jerry Visco estimated the new mandate would cost the county $10,000 per part-time employee — or $1.38 million a year if all 138 part-time employees who work more than 30 hours a week are covered, he told Florida Today. The Brevard County libraries have already cut hours for 37 employees.“It’s not something we prefer to do, but the cost of health insurance is significant and would really impact municipal budgets,” said Anthony Mercantante, Middletown’s township administrator. “It’s not something we can take on, particularly when we don’t know some of the other ramifications of the Affordable Care Act. There are far more questions than answers right now.”Middletown spends about $9 million a year, out of its $65 million budget, on employee health policies, Mercantante said.Elsewhere, Lynchburg, Va., administrators have cut hours for 35 to 40 part-time employees. Chesterfield County, just south of Richmond, is likely to cut the hours of “several hundred” employees, the county director of human resources told the Richmond Times-Dispatch earlier this year. Chippewa County, Wisc., will drop 15 part-time positions to avoid up to $163,000 in annual health care costs, the county administrator told Wisconsin Public Radio in April.In a statement provided to GovBeat, White House Council of Economic Advisers chairman Jason Furman said there is no evidence that the Affordable Care Act is prompting employers to add part-time rather than full-time positions.“Since the ACA became law, nearly 90% of the gain in employment has been in full-time positions.  Furthermore, the law is helping make health insurance coverage more affordable which supports job growth,” Furman said. “Just yesterday, we learned that the growth in employers’ health care premiums has slowed significantly recently, to less than a third of the growth rate in the late ’90s and early 2000s.”Other supporters of the law suggested the cuts could actually cost counties and cities more money than if they simply paid for part-time workers’ health-care costs.“There are some costs of doing business where it really does cost you more money to have multiple people on the job,” said Gary Burtless, a senior fellow of economic studies at the Brookings Institution. “Why would you create more jobs than you need to at 20 hours a week, when if you’re really responding to the Affordable Care Act you would assign people to work 29 hours a week?”“I don’t think this is going to be a big direct-cost burden for counties and municipalities,” Burtless added.Mercantante, the Middletown administrator, says it’s the uncertainty that’s driving his town’s actions. “Towns are going to have to start looking at different types of health-care packages to offer to people given the new mandates, but I can’t tell you what those are going to be or how much they’re going to cost us,” he said.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        Christopher Reeve as Superman. (Warner Bros.)Debacle, disaster, disgrace: just three of many descriptors used to characterize the president’s attempted implementation of ObamaCare.Each week offers new cause for alarm: whether a dysfunctional website rife with opportunity for security breaches, health care cancellation notices, or sharp increases in health care premiums, ObamaCare has quickly devolved into a political third rail for the Democratic party.  Out of the ashes of ObamaCare, however, rises a golden opportunity for the Republican party – so long as the GOP’s leadership has the presence of mind to grasp the full implications of this historic moment.[pullquote]As President Obama’s approval ratings sink, Republicans have a narrow window of opportunity to begin the process of rebranding themselves as true defenders of the middle class.And boy, do they need it.  Though aligned with most Americans in opposition to ObamaCare, Republicans are sinking deeper and deeper into a hole of their own digging.No matter how hard they try to align themselves with a majority of Americans, Republicans simply aren’t connecting with the middle class, who view them as a party of “old, rich, white men,” or “the party of ‘no.’”  These perceptions are reflected in recent poll numbers, which show GOP approval ratings hovering below 30%.As someone who manages brands for a living, I can assert with confidence that all successful brands stand for something.  It is not enough to merely be against something, no matter how unpopular that “something” is.  All durable brands are associated with at least one positive attribute in the minds of consumers - or in this case, voters.That is certainly not the case for the GOP right now.Americans want leadership on the issue of health care, and they will reject politicians who delay the hard work of problem-solving.As such, the GOP’s anti-ObamaCare rhetoric has gone stale. Republicans must abandon their “party of ‘no’” moniker, by sharing their vision of what “no” should be replaced with.  In other words, Republicans must explain to voters what they stand for, as well as what they’re against.A party that controls only one chamber of the legislative branch cannot make public policy.  But the House GOP can facilitate the collapse of ObamaCare by aligning Republicans with the interests of hardworking Americans, and forcing Democrats to side with the special interest groups that are poised to profit from them.In order for this to work, actions taken by the House GOP should be accompanied by simple, straightforward messaging, so that voters can connect with the Republican narrative on a visceral level.Visceral connections require visceral emotions -- and only two things stoke the ire of Americans as deeply as Congress: trial lawyers and insurance companies.  If Republicans leverage this antipathy to their advantage, Democrats will find themselves in the unenviable position of being defenders of both.The House should pass two bills, recognizing that Frosty the Snowman has better prospects on a Hawaiian vacation than these bills do of ever becoming law.  Nonetheless, they will set the stage for Republicans to become day-saving heroes for most voters on the issue of health care.First, the House should pass a tort reform bill aimed at reducing medical malpractice premiums, for the sole purpose of reducing health care costs.  GOP messaging points should target trial lawyers, framing them as special interest groups, explaining how they’ve influenced the architects of ObamaCare and how they plan to profit from it.Concurrently, Republicans should explain how tort reform would decrease doctors’ costs of doing business, and how those savings would be passed on to hardworking Americans.A few weeks later, the House should pass another bill permitting interstate competition for health insurance companies.Doing so would force Democrats to defend ObamaCare’s protection of these quasi monopolies.GOP messaging should highlight Democrats’ crony capitalism at the expense of free-market competition and individual choice.ObamaCare is a “teachable moment” in this regard.  Americans will always choose freedom and choice over being told what to do, so long as Republicans connect the dots for them.Will these two bills and messaging points represent all that is needed to repair the GOP’s brand?  Absolutely not. There is far more work to be done on that front.But these initial efforts represent a meaningful first step in the right direction: one that recasts Republicans as defenders of the middle class, rather than merely an unpalatable alternative to the left.Get the recap of top opinion commentary and original content throughout the week.SubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Last night, the House took several budget-related votes, putting us on the path toward a government shutdown.The first vote was to amend the Senate continuing resolution, or CR, with the repeal of the medical device tax.That passed by a vote of 248 to 174.  17 Democrats defected from the party line:Ron Barber (AZ-02)
John Barrow (GA-12)
Cheri Bustos (IL-17)
John Delaney (MD-06)
Tammy Duckworth (IL-08)
Bill Enyart (IL-12)
Dan Maffei (NY-24)
Sean Maloney (NY-18)
Jim Matheson (UT-04)
Mike McIntyre (NC-07)
Jerry McNerney (CA-09)
Patrick Murphy (FL-18)
Bill Owens (NY-21)
Scott Peters (CA-52)
Nick Rahall (WV-03)
Brad Schneider (IL-10)
Kyrsten Sinema (AZ-09)In the next vote, the House voted to amend the Senate's CR with a one-year delay in implementation of provisions of the Affordable Care Act like the health care marketplaces and the individual mandate.That passed by a vote of 231 to 192.Two Republicans defected from party line: Chris Gibson (NY-19) and Richard Hanna (NY-22).Two Democrats defected from party line: Jim Matheson (UT-04) and Mike McIntyre (NC-07).Keep in mind that both Matheson and McIntyre are on the DCCC's Front Line, so the $$$s they collect by fundraising off this vote will go to the two Democrats who voted with GOP to shut down the government.Many members of the DCCC Front Line, all of whom face tight races, voted against both of these measures. John Tierney (MA-06) and Carol Shea-Porter (NH-01) come to mind as examples of some of the better names on the Front Line. So those who voted for them have no excuses.And honestly, the Democratic Party would be better off by cutting funds from party deadwood and making actual efforts to win blue seats held by Republicans like those of Pete King and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen. However, Steve Israel's friendship with King and DWS's friendship with Ileana are perpetual roadblocks.In addition, the House also unanimously voted to continue appropriations for military pay in the event of a government shutdown.Don Lemon talks to Don Adams, co-founder of the Independence Hall Tea Party, about ending the government shutdown. Adams contends that President Obama refuses to negotiate on implementing Obamacare.I am a 70 year old woman who has had the blessing of living in these United States and enjoying its freedoms for my entire life. Mr. Cruz and his associates continue to disrespect the President and the citizens of our wonderful country. If these individuals were from another nation, they would be declared terrorists and would be arrested for holding the citizens of the United States hostage and threatening our way of life and our credibility in the world. In my opinion they ARE terrorists and should be treated as such. Enough is enough.Fairness to all Americans is what Republicans are looking to change in Obama care! May be they need to explain what fairness means as what I hear in that message is like wolf wanting to be the guard for herd of sheeps. Fairness for who? Surely it does not sound like to less fortunates.Furloughed worker will be paid for time off but businesses and private sector employees who depended on those sales can pay the ultimate price by loosing homes and businesses. Does it not make a commoner sick ?never should have been shutdown in the first place.......need this country back in full operation.....somebody's antennas is not working......their about to fall and hurt themselves.....this was a wrong move....a sign of inexperience......someone who don't know what they are suppose to DO!Can someone explain to me why President Obama and members of Congress should not have to participate in The Affordable Care Act?  I've always been a supporter of Obama but it doesn't sound fair that they should be excluded.I recently sent in an email and voiced my opinion about how well our Government is and how they are all acting.  I would not mind voicing my opinion verbally to the public and maybe iff everyone hears it then the Government may listen to the needs of the people and stop this childish bickering.  Our allies are afraid that if we act like children, then how can we protect ourselves and them?  I think that the people should take back the Government and rebuild it the way it should be.  All they carre about is money.  I am tired of paying their six figure salary.  I am working two jobs just to put food on the table and make ends meet.Who the heck is this guy? CONTINUE A REAL SHUTDOWN not a fake one! Make no mistake that this shutdown is solely the result of the actions of one Barack Hussein Obama, who has even been vindictive enough to shut an unattended memorial for WWII vets (basically a sidewalk), the Statue of Liberty, and our national parks.The GOP has passed seven bills to get government re-opened. Obama has ordered them killed and shutdown extended. And he's vindictively been closing things that are high profile but do not cost money.. like oceans and memorials.“It’s a cheap way to deal with the situation,” an angry Park Service ranger in Washington says of the harassment. “We’ve been told to make life as difficult for people as we can. It’s disgusting.”Believe us, if this really were the work of the REAL  ‘teaparty’ as they are charging, we would have shut down (for good!) the IRS, the Federal Reserve, the Dept of Ed, EPA, HUD, DOT, DHS, FBI, CIA and any number of other non-essential agencies that rob our freedoms daily!All Obama has to do is negotiate. I agree it's something he's not used to doing.These Republicans are so dense. They are too consumed with hatred of Obama they have lost the ability to reason. They keep repeating the same talking points as if they are can't understand English. They simply refuse to accept the fact Obamacare is now law and holding the country hostage over it by trying to get him to repeal or delay it is not the way to go. These people are dense with ignorance and hollow of intelligence. Let them dig their own graves with stupidly.The forum for discussing the ACA (a.k.a. Obamacare) is not during the budget approval to keep the government open. I total disagree with the House Republicans on this maneuver. They do not care about all those affected from this.  And, it should have been a discussion when it was to be enacted as law.The Tea Party isn't offering *anything* in his effort to 'negotiate' other than the fact that they'll stop damaging the economy if Obama gives in to their demands. They aren't offering negotiations on the millionaire tax, or better funding for public education, or any other issue which is championed by Democrats. The *only* thing they want to offer in these 'negotiations' is that they'll allow 800,000 people to go back to work if Obama agrees to their demands. It is LITERALLY nothing more than an attempt at extortion and has nothing to do with any kind of actual 'negotiation'. So its pretty obvious why Obama isn't willing to get into that discussion – its because its extortion pure and simple, and that kind of behavior is not something anyone with any leadership skills should encourage (which is why Speaker Boehner and his lack of leadership skills is in the position he's in).Of course CNN and the rest of the Obama News organizations will not address why Congress and the President are exempt from this "great" program.  It's the same old liberal progressive arguement...do as I say..not as I do.  They can keep the bloated gov't shutdown for a year....I'm getting paid.The Problem for the last six years is that the Republican Party is a party of SORE LOSERS.  They lost two elections and
think that they make the Democrats look bad by not cooperating for the good of the country.  But the American people
see through their childishness and are angry that they are not working for us to solve problems.Okay, so they are concrened about the "Little" people. Can we get the same tax breaks as the 1% and businesses if they want to treat us the same. I guess now that the debt ceiling is getting closer they are talikng about "entitlement"reform, again they are helping the little person. Notice no mention about tax reform for those corporations and 1% er's.The reason for the branches of government not participating in Obamacare is that the federal government's entitlement/benefit programs all already exceed the minimum requirements of Obamacare. Most federal employees are in the equivalent of a single-payer system- one that reduces cost and spreads risk even more effectively than the affordable health care act plans to do. They can exempt themselves based on the terms of the law. They are trying to raise the rest of the US up to a standard of health care, still below that of the federal employees. So in essence, by exempting themselves, they are making a conscious choice to improve the lot of average americans. If they followed the terms of the law, and made everyone on the same level, the country would be phenomenally worse off.Before making a comment that "They're too good" for Obamacare, its more like Obamacare does not go far enough for the average American. They can exempt themselves, for they already meet the requirements of the law. Technically speaking, so does a vast majority of the country, and this law really only affects a small amount of the population, but one that is a gigantic drag on our economy and on health care prices for all citizens.When I review these comments and a question was raised who is this guy in regards to the President of the United States, the Honorable, Barack Hussein Obama, my response is he is the leader of the free world.  The real issue is who is the Tea Party? But a small fraction of the Republican Party who thinks they speak for the people of the United States.  They do not The President ran and was re-elected in part to the Affordable Care Act (i.e., Obama Care) for those who do not know.  This is a good law for all who need health care.  If the President were to ask my opinion I would advise him to ask The Republican Party for a 20% increase in Corp Tax to offset concession of the Affordable Care Act. The GOP passing seven bills they like is not getting the government re-opened. I support Obama no agreeing with and killing the bill as you stated.  The Republican Party not the President is extending the shutdown.Obama and Congress are not exempt from the ACA.  The same rules(no insurance caps, no preexisting conditions, etc. are in effect).  They, like everyone else who can get health insurance at a (relatively) affordable rate don't buy it on the exchanges.  The Affordable Health Care Act is to help lower income and middle income people UNABLE  to purchase health care anywhere else do so with protections and subsidies. 16% of the US population is uninsured and it is these people who(hopefully) will finally get affordable health insurance.  The rest of us only get the perks(we can't be cancelled on a whim by the insurance company and 85% of our premium money must be spent on health care not on CEO pay. Our Congress and President get enough of our money.  Why would you want them to get subsidized health care too?Concerning ACA / Obamacare,  have read several articles on major news sites  that describe "eligibility gap" and many who were to benefit from ACA now being ineligible.  Also, articles about how Obama approved exemptions and special subsidy payments to Administration staff and Congressional staff since they felt they had to pay too much.  Seems that ACA is helpful to a few and not to many and raising costs for all.   Prohibition was law of USA at one time and was later repealed when found ineffective.  Seems ACA is on same path.Once the tea party appeals to democrats and independents and not to just republicans I will take them seriously.  Be against all the corporate welfare that dwarfs the social welfare and military spending and useless wars and then I would believe that you are not just the crazy right wing of the Republican party.  Add getting money and lobbyists out of politics and I sign up today.When will the Goverment go in complete shut down ?Unbelievable that some of the folks posting think the shutdown and its consequence are Obama's doing.
GOP reps courted the Tea Party constituency during their campaigns by portraying a shutdown as a goal. Have you forgotten the newscasts of TP crowds chanting "Shut'er down! Shut'er down!"? Some GOP congressmen were reported to be absolutely "giddy" that the shutdown actually started. This shutdown is owned entirely by the GOP and that coward Boehner values his grip on the gavel more than the country he allegedly serves.Obama is completely in the right by not succumbing to extortion politics. As bad as the shutdown is, the precedent of yielding to a hostage-taking minority would be more serious, and could be the end of our democracy.Boehner saying Obama is responsible for the shutdown is like a kidnapper who's shot his hostage saying it was not his fault because he had to do it when the ransom wasn't paid.Obama doesn't have to kiss tea party rear ends,  Obamacare is Law!   This shut down has been planned for months.  The tea party and Conservative Republicans are doing everything in their power, to ruin this country.
Now Boehner has decided to cut Medicare and SS, because the Republicans can't cut Obamacare.And well the president should refuse. 8.5 million people in the first week, America wants this some are dying to get it quite literally.Don't give in to these terrorist Mr. President.There is a huge fallacy that even if the courts rule on something that somehow Congress cannot unfund something.  Um, these Representatives are doing just that, representing.  They ran on getting rid of Obamacare and their constituents voted for them.  So Congress is not only correct in their demand but also in budget.  If the money isn't there, and it hasn't been for some time, then defunding a program to help in balancing the budget is the right call.  Sorry Libs, this country was built on the intention of Small Government, not the Nanny State.Stand your ground Mr. President.  In 2012, the GOP lost 8 House Seats, slimming their majority down to 33 Seats (Down from a 49 Seat Majority). This includes the seats taken by Teapublicans.  Stand your ground and in less than one year, the American voters will shed another 50-60 Republicans and give you both Houses of Congress.  STAND YOUR GROUND. AMERICA DOES NOT NEGOTIATE WITH TERRORISTS.Negotiating with terrorists only creates more terrorism.  We already have a legislative process, and nothing has changed about it.  If GOP politicians don't like Obamacare or any other law, they need to go through that legislative process to change it.  This is an entirely separate issue from their more basic job of funding the government.  They are trying to use the power of their positions to betray the American people, and force changes to laws they don't like in a way that bypasses the legislative process.  This can't be allowed.  Governing by terrorism is no way to run a country.  It subverts democracy.  The shutdown is not a two party issue, it is a frightening power grab that is hurting millions of Americans.  The real "conversation" going on right now should be "how can be pass laws that will make this sort of behavior punishable by imprisonment?"To answer Richard Martin's question about participation in the ACA, the reason why Congress and the President are "exempt" from the ACA is very simple.  They are already receiving fully government-funded healthcare and have been for years.  They HAVE health insurance.The ACA is for people who do not have health insurance due to a myriad of reasons.  The ACA makes obtaining health insurance affordable for a young single person who is a "part-timer" on their employers books (which keeps big corporations like WalMart from having to provide health insurance to its employees since the laws stated all "full-timers" HAD to have insurance offered to them by their employers, which would cost those corporations money.)  The ACA also makes it illegal for anyone to be turned down insurance benefits due to a pre-existing condition.  The ACA also makes it illegal for a woman to be denied birth-control options if she requests it (even if the woman is insured through her employer and her employer doesn't believe in birth-control, and no I am NOT TALKING ABOUT abortions and no, the ACA does NOT allow for abortion coverage so please don't anyone start saying that!) The health insurance Congress and the President have for themselves and their families are a part of a "Universal" type healthcare system.  Our tax dollars pay for all of their doctor appointments, lab tests, surgeries, anesthesia, etc..., everything that people with employer provided health insurance get nickeled and dimed for, for Congress and the President, it’s all paid for.  When they go to the doctor or have a surgery, they do not get the bill because their healthcare is all taken care of.  This is the kind of system Democrats ideally wanted for EVERYONE; but, before anyone could ever hope to hammer out any kind of details on how to make that kind of system work in our country for everyone, the very idea was labelled by the Republicans and Fox News as Socialist.  Some have even called that kind of system communist and with those kinds of names, people automatically gives it a negative connotation.  If that system is good enough for Congress, why are the Republicans so against the rest of us having the same kind of access to healthcare that they enjoy?  This should be the question everyone should be asking.  By telling all of us that we would have to wait 6 months for a doctor appointment and that we wouldn't be able to pick our own doctors, the Republicans have completely scared us all to death of having a single-payer healthcare system in this country.  THEY don't have all of the problems that they profess WE would have if we had the same system they enjoy, so why would it be so bad for the rest of us is what I want to know?So, instead of all of us having the exact same healthcare that Congress and the President enjoy, the healthcare reform that we ended up with, the compromise that was struck, is the ACA law as we now know it. What people fail to understand is that the ACA is a law that was passed a few years ago now and its constitutionality was upheld by the Supreme Court led by a relatively conservative chief justice consenting with the law rather than being on the dissenting side.  Romney ran on dismantling the ACA and lost.  If the majority of the country really wanted to dismantle the ACA, then the majority of the country would have voted for Romney and Obama would have been a one-term president.  If Republicans STILL want to dismantle the ACA, there is a legal procedure for doing so. Saying "we won't fund the entire rest of our government unless you dismantle or delay the ACA" (which is being funded by other means and not the appropriations that are a part of the CR they should have already passed) is NOT proper procedure for changing or canceling any law.So why, did we need healthcare reform anyway?  Why do we have the ACA?  We NEEDED some kind of healthcare reform because, lets face it, the old way was NOT working EFFECTIVELY for many Americans. If the old system had worked effectively, people would not have been denied coverage based on a condition that a doctor diagnosed them with, people would not have been cancelled because of a diagnosis, ALL people could have afforded to have healthcare coverage, and no one would have gone bankrupt because of doctor bills, hospital stay bills, treatment bills, etc...So, bottom line...our "leaders" are not leading right now.  They NEED to pass a clean continuing resolution and raise the debt ceiling and then get their butts back to the table and discuss ways to continue cutting how much money the government wastes.In the beginning, the Tea Party wanted this shutdown.  That makes them terrorists.  Now, they claim that they want the shutdown ended.  That makes them cowards, as well.  Then again, what terrorist isn't a coward?when is the medias going to stop doing a disservice to the public by saying both parties are to blame.
It is not about showing you are neither left or right media. It is about facts
And the facts are the tea party republicans planned this and are responsible
This effort to not appear biased takes away from the truth of the story.
There is not plenty of blame to go around. This is all on the tea party republicans
come on cnn, you can do betterThere was a in the 1860's a civil war. Back then the Republicans won. History has a tendency to repeat itself. Perhaps the president would have preferred the Democrats to have won in the 1860's, but he would not be president now. Fact is, we have always been on the side of freedom and the Democrats, have always been our opponents.We will make America’s President fail. We will make America fail. We will block everything that America’s President tries to do so he will fail. We will hold the country hostage until we win the White House. We will make Americans suffer until they vote for us.We will continue doing this until a Republican is elected to the White House.I think we never should have gotten to the point of a shutdown. America re-elected President Obama so apparently they did not mind Obamacare. The Republicans need to quit holding that and cuts to Social Security as their negotiating points. Having worked in Healthcare most of my life on the financial side, I agree that people need insurance. There are so many people that can afford insurance but prefer not to take a policy out because they think they will not have a major illness. Please quit scaring the elderly with the threat of no money for Medicare and Soc Sec and making additional cuts. I don't know why some Congressmen have problems with people being able to get a few screening tests at no cost. If people get the proper treatment early it will be cheaper in the long run. Stop acting like 3 yrs old fighting over a toy. I personally think that Congress should not be paid until the reach an agreement. Both parties. Maybe then some would be more willing to give in. It can't always be the Democrats making concessions which the last time this happened it was Obama that gave in. Please, I beg you, stop making the US a laughing stock and scaring the elderly, and just end this circus.I don't remember anyone ever refusing to work with other members like the Republican's have over the past 6 years. It's just ridiculous.Who is this guy kidding.  "implementing" obamacare?  That wasn't what started this at all.  Talk about revisionist talking points.  The real fact:  The TEA PARTY is killing U.S. jobs with this shut down.  Over 1,000,000.  Businesses can't plan, can't hire if the Tea party keeps eyedropper feeding the basis of hiring and creating the entrepreneurial engine of this great nation.  The tea party is a dark stain on this country.  It has to end.Before Obamacare, it was social security, and medicare, and medicaid, but trillions for war is okay.  This guy is drinking his own swill.The Tea party claims they love the US constitution but they refuse to honor the 14th ammendment section 4  which states.
  ...the validity of the public debt of the United States, authorized by law … shall not be questioned.”Heck...make this shutdown permanent...things are better this way.The Republican Party made a deal with the devil by embracing the "Tea Party".  This group of radicals are not interested in making government work and need to have funding from the GOP pulled back and voted out in future elections.  Trying to change the results of an election that was decided and derail  program was previously approved and upheld by the Supreme Court is beyond contempt.  If you have issues with a piece of legislation reform the parts you don't like within the system.People keep forgetting that the Affordable Care Act **IS** the compromise with the far right! The left wanted single-payer universal health care, but the right said "a thousdand times, NO." So, "Obamacare" was the compromise. Now the right wants further compromises, or to get rid of it altogether. How can you meet someone "in the middle" when they keep reneging and retreating, and moving the middle ground ever further and further to the right?What is going to happen when Social Security stops and Veterans benefits stop?
People do not starve quietly.So, Repuglicans... Just Decline Federal Funding and refuse Medicaid as you have !
HEY Boehner, How To CUT Spending Quick !Cut Off ALL FEDERAL MONEY To ALL RED STATES against Federal ACA Program. The 25 percent on SSI.... Will Die quickly.
The 35 percent on Food Stamps will Die Next.
The 32 percent on Medicaid will Die Last.
The REMAINDER will leave because they will have nobody to Do Their Work @ $6 an hour no bennies!Just a simple reminder that Obamacare and the individual mandate originally proposed by the conservative Heritage Foundation, endorsed by Dole and Gingrich in the 90s, and implemented in Massachusetts by Mitt Romney, the 2012 GOP nominee. Republicans, you lost the vote in Congress for Obamacare, you lost the election, and you lost the Supreme Court case. You LOST. There is nothing to negotiate. Quit acting like spoiled children and do your jobs. Perhaps if you had cared more about the health of Americans than flushing trillions on a wild goose chase in Iraq during the Bush regime, we wouldn't be in this mess.The baggers are all now saying that they don't want a shutdown or for the treasury to hit the debt ceiling. Over the past 2-3 days much has come out that this shutdown strategy has been in the works for months, creating talking points about the ACA being a bust, about the debt ceiling being no big deal, that spending is out of control, that the overall debt to getting bigger–when it really skrinking– but most of all the baggers want the shutdown because they hate any form of government but they don't want to be blamed. They are liars, first class liars.beginning to end.Both SIDES equally to blame for the shutdown, anyone saying otherwise is just another PARTISAN hack, political party and political loyalty over Country PERIOD.and the obamamob of America haters just keep up their LIBERAL VITRIOL LIES AND HATE toward the Real AmericansThere hasn't been an actual budget since the first months of Obama's first term....which is a FAILURE OF LEADERSHIP on his part.  Changing the rules of so you can get away with using "continuing resolutions" is not "leadership"...not even close.  It's ironic that the Democrats claimed that George W kept the wars "off the books" by funding them with continuing resolutions but they have been funding the entire United States government for over 5 years doing the exact same thing now.   What a bunch of hypocrites.What is there to negotiate?
The ACA was passed, signed into law, upheld by the Supreme Court, Obama was re-elected after campaigning on it and the GOP doesn't like it so they want to undo it.
Are these people really that stupid?
The democrats gave up a lot of spending in negotiations to avoid the sequester. Then the GOP screwed us anyways.
Now they want to have their way by defunding the ACA, and a number of other things.
You LOST the last election – get over it. The Koch brothers do not get to buy the results they want – they get one vote each, like the rest of us – nothing more.T. Hunt (9:39 a.m.), that was a quite good summary of the major facts about the ACA rationale and implementation (a tad verbose perhaps but forgivable under the circumstances).Of course, this will have no effect on the hyper-partisan baggers and RWNJs. And you're preaching to the liberal/progressive choir, it goes without saying.  We can only hope that truly objective, non-partisan independents will take heed but they seem to be in very short supply these days.Obama won the white house. Republicans won the House of Representatives. The constitution gives them the authority to set the budget and control spending. They are doing that. Get over it dems, stop your crying. They are using the leverage afforded them by law. 60% of Americans disagree with Obamacare right now.. Get rid of it.if mr. adams wants to defund something let it be the billion dollars a year of public money that goes to professional sports by stripping them of their classification as non-profit.  I am sure obama would sign that.  It would make an excellent compromise....then pass budget....Partial solution to several problems:"No member of Congress shall serve consecutive terms."Republicans have planned this. This way they can destroy the recovery and attack The affordable care act at the same time. They don't want a recovery. That's why they argue about the improving jobs numbers. They have done everything they can to destroy a recovery. All the speaker has to do is hold a vote and the shutdown is over, but he won't. It proves extortion.The president has veto power. Republicans are ignoring that fact. It's up to congress to come up with a plan that the executive won't veto.I don't see what healthcare plan the GOP /Tea Party has to offer except for you to die on the stretcher.  They care if you live or die....they have many nice healthcare plans the Gov has for them to choose from.  Plus they even have a Dr at the on call at the capital building for minor things like Flu shots, sore throats, ect.   And with the money they make...even while they send this country into finacial ruin....they are still making money to pay for there care.This  tea party – led republican tactic is (to me) a completely unacceptable method of governance, and I do not care how many times it has been done before. 100 wrongs don't make a right.  But I take solace in the fact that this episode may well be the cinderblock that breaks the camel's back, 'cause I'm guessing the RNC is laying the groundwork on how to punt the  TP of of the republican party altogether b/c they are too big a liability.  As such, it will be the end of the tea party as we know it, and perhaps the republican party as well.The TEA Party caused the shutdown by trying to legislate by extortion and taking the government hostage.  Established law cannot be altered by the TEA party Congress unilaterally.  End the #TEAPARTYshutdown.TEA Party lies by confusion.  BUDGET and SPENDING have been previously negotiated over budget ceiling and shutdown negations.   NEVER previously established law.In my state the psycho GOP governor is claiming credit for the economic recovery while at the same time slamming President Barack Obama for economic growth that isn't robust enough.  GOP LIES.We need an amendment to recall any elected official, so we don't have to wait for next election.  We vote for them, then we can recall them if they don't do their job.“Mr. President, I rise today to talk about America’s debt problem. The fact that we are here today to debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. It is a sign that the U.S. government can’t pay its own bills.”  “It is a sign that we now depend on ongoing financial assistance from foreign countries to finance our government’s reckless fiscal policies. Over the past five years, our federal debt has increased by $3.5 trillion to $8.6 trillion. That is  ‘‘trillion’’ with a ‘‘T.’’ That is money that we have borrowed from the Social Security trust fund, borrowed from China and Japan, borrowed from American taxpayers.” Senator Obama
I'm independent voter but Republicans and Bohner have my thumb up -first time in a long haul.According to the president – First -no negotiation on Obamacare; Second no negotiation on debt ceiling.
What happened to then senator Obama patriotism and burden to our children and NO to debt ceiling?The good Protestant Germans of the 1930's liked how the Nazi Party did their evil deeds in ways that allowed the general population to claim complete innocence.  Likewise, America current day Christians like to use the GOP to further their self-serving agendas, while maintaining their claim to a Moral life.
The GOP could not further their Wealthy Leaning agenda, without these fine Christians who value a few percentage points over Jesus' call to action.  As such the GOP is just another poorly scripted cable show, which needs a name for which they should consider "Conservatives Gone Wild" which is not as good as "Patriotic Sons of Anarchy".Having served with US ships for many years, and having many friends in the US, it distresses me to see the mess the government has itself in. Perhaps a change in your Constitution is required. In the Parliamentary  system we use in Canada, the Governor General has the power to dissolve Parliament if it is not functioning and return the problem to the people through a general election. I am not aware of that facility in the US and do believe it is needed at this time.I can't comprehend that this furloughed worker will still be paid their time off, while not doing anything.  And that is our tax money.  This  shutdown   Make no sene to me. You closed the park and some offices but still pay the worker? If I am the one who is under furloughed I would have my vacation in Caribbean till this stupidness is over. The real victim here is not the furloughed worker but the ordinary people who  are relying on government services.  Man I love to go to Yosemite , I want to go to museums, I want my loan  for FHA to be approved abruptly. I wish our congress will realized that they are depriving other citizen of their rights by doing this stupid game.**** I LOVE THIS......Sorry Libs, this country was built on the intention of Small Government, not the Nanny State....And all the welfare states are Red Republican states,
Whats interesting is that GOP supporters like to chant...Smaller Government, over and over.
Never in our history have we had 250 Million people living in America.
When Repubs scream for smaller government, what they realy mean is...No rules
no safety
no regulations
Corporations can do what they want at the expense of the
middle class.You smaller government idiots would let the corporations
bleed you dry.IDIOTS !!!!This nonsense needs to end now.I am amazed that nearly every single post on Obamacare, the budget deficit, etc  completely ignores the most important part:  WE CAN'T PAY FOR ANY OF THIS!  If anyone thihnks we can, please let us know how.No one terrorist or terrorist organization has been able to accomplish what the Tea Party has done, and that is bringing our government to its knees. Their terrorist tactics are dispicable, and WE DON'T NEGOTIATE WITH TERRORISTS! It is not Obamacare that we need to get rid of. It is the Tea Party that needs to go. Extortion is a crime. Why is it that these Republicans are not seen as the extortionists that they are and arrested and jailed?@tTHE TRUTH HURTS-Many still believe it's free. The rest believe the government hasn't harvested the money tree yet.Isn't Ted Cruz a Cuban citizen, by virtue of his dad's birth?  So he's a Canadian AND a CUBAN who dislikes American government and is trying to destroy it.  Maybe he's a mole.  The Republican Party, if it wants to retain its existence, needs to split and spin off the Tea Party to its own party.  These guys serve in the government to take care of business in a timely manner, which they have not.  This is America–we don't have government by extorsion.Obama & the democrats really created this problem, by spending too much. The House is not obligated to raise the debt limit. So yes, they are holding it hostage until spending cuts are made.And no- I don't hold past Republican leaders blameless for irresponsible borrowing.So if  Boehner and the guys on the far right really believe Obamacare is so bad that they're willing to shutdown the government to defund/repeal/end it, why don't they just own up to that? Why blame Obama and the dems for the shutdown? If they truly believe it, own it.Don't fart and blame the dog.This shutdown will go on as long as the K. Brothers need oversight from government agencies offline. As soon as the timeframe in which the oversight was scheduled has passed, tea party conservatives will be allowed to end the shutdown.Causing the government shutdown and making hundreds of thousands of people struggle to meet their ends with loss of pay, republicans have literally lost 2016 White House bid. The party does not have much time to recover before 2016. No one wants a party dominated by those with childish thinking to win the White House.T party, you aim everything to prove that Obama causes the economic doom.  Forgetting that we started getting on our feet?   Now to aim negotiation before the Black Friday is again one of those try.  So at least let us note.  It is desperately dangerous what you do.The President and his Republicans, and Democrats need to stop acting like children. The President continues to pay all of the "Government" instead of stopping their pay for the time of the shutdown. If the pay is stopped we may be able to save a great deal of Citizens that depend on SSI,VA Benefits and the government to pay their bills. Personally the President needs to be Impeached.....hes not even a true citizen and the way hes treating the Citizens isnt exactly like we are living in a FREE Country. The President needs to learn hes not a dictator and this isnt a country that he can just make into his own personal dictatorship like hes been trying to do with the worthless Obama care, his non willing to talk with the house, or congress. Along with the lies about his healthcare and not being willing to make sure the Americans get their pay, and are able to live like he and his family. Its ashame we call Obama the leader of the USA.The problem here is that the "reasonable people here" can't be found.  They're nowhere.  The Tea Party are a bit aggressive from my point of view.  The GOP is all over the place in both their methods and their talking points, but their basic concepts are sound concerning fiscal responsibility.  The Democrats are trying to do business as usual and that hasn't work with relation to spending and debt.  The President, who should be the adult in the room, treats the House GOP like terrorists because he disagrees with them.  Until all parties sit down and actually do something, the American People must demand for communication from their leadership.  Whoever doesn't show that they really want to solve issues should be immediately impeached and someone else needs to be placed in their stead.  This bickering isn't worth rewriting the Constitution.  They are obligated to talk to solve these issues.This Jennette Hunt who is 70 and gave her opinion – she doesn't know what she's talking about.  Wait till
they cut her social security check and then I'd like to hear from her.  Obama  knows how to speak well
but he doesn't have what it takes to be a PRESIDENT.  We all voted for him but now were SORRY.  The
beginning of this obamacare is how many workers are now part time in order to get obamacare and then
if they don't get it they will be penalized   You gotta be kidding yourself – I'm D but as of today I'm R !!!I am so tired of hear the GOP say they want to President to negotiate the Affordable Care Act......IT IS THE LAW! It was past in 2010. I know that the TEA PARTY think it is ok to shutdown the government. But the only thing they have done is angered 800,000 voters. These voters will remember this during the mid-term election. In addition, they have shown the American public they don't care about america. TEA PARTy LISTEN!!!!! YOU ARE SUPPOSE TO LOVE YOUR COUNTRY MORE THAN YOU HATE YOUR PRESIDENT!The US Government gridlock over ACA is just stupid.  Who cares who started it? The American people are being PLAYED!  Why can't you all see that?Stop, just for a moment, and try to see things as they are.  Decide for yourselves if you want what's best for YOU, or if supporting your political party is your priority.  If it's the former, then start by FOLLOWING THE MONEY!The US healthcare system is pitiful when compared to all the other advanced nations around the globe.  Americans spend nearly 2x their GDP for it, while the results are mediocre.  Don't believe this? check out the CIA factbook on-line for the data.  Does the ACA move towards better service/less cost or not?  Hint: FOLLOW THE MONEY!The GOP talks about cutting spending/less government, but while this sounds good, is it good for the people?  Have these practices been good for the people in the past?  You have lots of history to draw evidence from.  Hint: FOLLOW THE MONEY!Americans need to take off their Replublican/Democrat rose-coloured glasses and see things for what they are, and the best way to start to see what's really going on is to FOLLOW THE MONEY!See the common theme here?  if you FOLLOW THE MONEY you will soon realize how you're being PLAYED!Both parties are behaving worse than children while we the people have no control over the crises. Lets have Congress hold their breath to see which one comes up for air. Maybe they could toss a coin. What a bunch of power crazed politicians Both parties are stubborn and wrong.to toy with the Nations business. If they were in the private sector they would all be fired. .Tea Party End Shutdown; is a good start.  One that needs to be followed with Tea Party End Your Childish Tantrums,, and Tea Party End Your Insane Rhetoric, or the the very best one of all; "Tea Party Just End!".The Guns Over People tea potty Wall Street masters have spoken. Don't mess with the debt ceiling,raise it. When the Koch Brothers wrote that letter sprinting away from the tea potty, they surrenderedIt is my understanding that the Tea Party represents 20% of the Republican party, 0% of Democrats, 0%-minus Liberals, and 95% of Conservative America.  Could this be true.  If so, these folks might get America back on the right track.  It seems that the extremist party of Kerry, Reid, Pewlosi, and Obama  profess to help the poor and less fortunate while sitting on millions of dollars, living in mansions, and have their own Cadillac Health Care plans.  Seems to me that they're more interested in helping themselves to what little bit of money us poor folks have left.  Bloodsuckers for sure!@Chuck Berri: you state "If so, these folks might get America back onthe right track"What track is that?  The Tea Party folks that want to kill the ACA have offered NO alternative plan... just "more of the same", which is expensive and only provides mediocre care.  So. my question to you is simple:Would you be in favour of the ACA if it shows itself to be more cost effective over the long run?The Guns Over People tea potty shutdown will come home to roost in 2014. Americans have had enough hostage taking of our country.The current Tea Party Republicans' willingness to hold the country hostage to their demands  makes the Weathermen and Symbionese Liberation Army of the 1960s look like choir boys.There are only three things the TP supports: 1. the rich; 2. making the President look bad; 3. getting reelected by their extremist constituents.Using the shutdown to try and force negotiations on a LEGALLY PASSED LAW is akin to sedition, period.  Negotiations on legislation take place BEFORE they are passed and signed into law.  Once approved, there are legal procedures to amend or repeal legislation, all of which have failed up to this point, so now those who want ACA defunded are holding services and benefits of millions of Americans hostage in an attempt to force measures they could not achieve legitimately.Funny, I thought he negotiated before it became law.Is anyone keeping track of how many people have been injured or have died because of the actions of the Republican Party?  ACA is the result of negotiation *that already happened".  Then Obama won an election that Romney and the GoP *explicitly* said about healthcare (and convenently forgetting that Romney had enacted almost exactly the same sort of program as governor).  What's more the continuing resolution and appropriations have nothing to do with ACA – the Republic party is completely undermining  established constitutional and legal procedure by refusing to fund  government operations in order to overturn an existing law.  What's worse is  the GoP seem to believe they can cynically lie, intimidate and *punish* America for voting for Obama and blame the President (who *already* negotiated in good faith) for this mess..  Reap the whirlwind.The GOP needs to grow a pair and kick the TeaPublicans out of the party..    See how they do as a 3rd party ....  Alas, growing a pair apparently takes time and Boehner first needs "guy surgery" since obviously he has no "member" also ..
Have you ever seen a guy so concerned about his level of "Tan"....    and he crys like a schoolgirl ..   yep ..  a girl in guys clothing ..The TEA Party started all of this nonsense and now they see what their popularity may be tarnished.  After defeating incumbents in elections and putting forth people Like Ted Cruz they are now seeing their popularity start to wane.  Perhaps it is time to come back into the fold and work to get government back on track.  A little cooperation and compromise is needed now and not this line in the sand.Jeanette hunt is right. Will the world someday say "Americans were afraid of Al Quaida, but in the end they defeated themselves through stupidity"? The danger here isn't just to ourselves, though. We will bring the world economy to its knees and we will become the most hated country in the world. All because Cruz wants to president and Boehner doesn't want to lose his position as house speaker. Neither of them are fit to serve.In reading through these letters I am appalled at the general lack of understanding of people who say "we can't afford" Obamacare. Deficit spending originated with Ronald Reagan. Bill Clinton balanced the budget, GW blew it on his wars. Yes we need to get our spending in check, but why do Republicans only offer up the poor and lower middle class for sacrifice? How about cutting the tremendous amount of 'pork' from the federal budget? When you go over your own budget to you cut back on food and housing or do you cut bck on non essentials like movies and vacations? Why are we spending millions of dollars on crap? Why do we need a multimillion dollar contract for 'glassware' for US embassies? Serve them out of paper cups! Our whole budget is riddled with these ridiculous expenditures. And it isn't Obama, so just shut up! Its our entire system of funding government where there are too many pigs at the trough.  To say that the millions they just contracted out provides 'jobs' is ridiculous. It provides a few jobs; most of the money goes to the over paid 'designer' of 'fine crystal'. Give me a break! Today someone should go through the budget and draw a red line though every expenditure that doesn't provide education, heath, nutrition or the vital services needed to run this country. Glassware and other expenditures in this vain just don't cut it! Cut them all out for 2 years and we would be back on track.I love how conservatives skew everything.  They are mad because memorials and national parks got shut down.  They are important but they are tourist spots.  I know shutting memorials is disrespectful but it's a memorial, not an agency.  Yet, Conservatives are HAPPY that the department of Education, the EPA, NASA, CIA, FBI etc. are furloughed.  What would happen if there was a terrorist attack?  What about our kids?  What about our astronauts floating in space, haven't you seen the movie Gravity?  Conservatives: Stuck in the past, they want war memorials but don't want people doing jobs to help protect our future.Emails from Boehner to Reid were released a few days ago that clearly showed Boehner telling Reid that they needed to get together to exempt Congress from the requirements that the rest of the country was going to have to follow – subsidies based on income. Boehner went so far as to suggest that they have a meeting with the President about it and tell everyone it was about the immigration issue. When a Republican lawmaker tried to deny the meaning of those emails, he said that they did not characterize Boehners actual feelings on the subject. The lawmaker said that Boehner told him they could use it (Congress exemptions) to screw the Senate later. Apparently this lawmaker was more concerned that the tea party thought they were doing it as an under handed ploy rather than actually thinking that Boehner would want concessions for the members of Congress. I found that to be the most disturbing part of the story. You can google something like Reid's chief of staff releases Boehners emails to read the specifics. Basically, from what the Republican lawmaker indicates, Boehner deliberately setup up the Congressional\staff exemptions just to later pretend they were Senate Democrats ideas and use them as a political ploy. Pretty sick, but not really suprising.To HaHa You guys are funny: It's probably a little hard to stage a photo op on the International Space station."Adams contends that President Obama refuses to negotiate on implementing Obamacare."Really? Imagine that! who would have thought...!!I am a American not a Republican, Democrat, or Tea Party member. I thought we elected people to ccongress to represent the majority of the American people and what was best for them and the country. I am embarrassed by this bunch of egotistic bunch of people. They are all run by lobbyist and special interest groups. I am disgusted with the entire bunch.   No longer proud to be a American. I no longer respect us, why should anyone else.293049 741524Hello! I just would wish to offer a huge thumbs up for that wonderful info youve here during this post. I will be returning to your site to get much more soon. 932238I have not checked in here for some time since I thought it was getting boring, but the last several posts are good quality so I guess I will add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend 🙂https://www.electricpercolatorcoffeepot.com/10-top-coffee-bloggers/506335 784504my grandmother is always into herbal stuffs and she always say that ayurvedic medicines are the very best stuff   166485CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service.Click here to access transcripts from recent shows.