
                          This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
                          or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
                          Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
                       It seems you clicked on a bad link and stumbled upon our 404 pageThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.Politics.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALNow the immigration debate is really getting juicy. Rep. Steve King, an Iowa Republican, has always been a bit of a melon head, but he outdid himself in an interview that came to light this week in which he described “DREAMers” — people brought to this country illegally as children — as misshapen drug mules. “For every one who’s a valedictorian, there’s another 100 out there that — they weigh 130 pounds and they’ve got calves the size of cantaloupes because they’re hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert,” the honorable gentleman said.Cantaloupe calves? This was a rotten tomato tossed at Latinos, who were already suspicious of Republicans before the insult was added to the injury of House conservatives such as King blocking action on bipartisan immigration legislation. “Hateful,” said House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio). “Inexcusable,” said Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.). King kept on throwing. “It’s not something that I’m making up,” he told Radio Iowa on Tuesday evening, hours after a Democrat who had discovered the recent interview with Newsmax read the offending comments aloud at a congressional hearing. “We have people that are mules, that are drug mules, that are hauling drugs across the border and you can tell by their physical characteristics what they’ve been doing for months, going through the desert with 75 pounds of drugs on their back. And if those who advocate for the DREAM Act, if they choose to characterize this about valedictorians, I gave them a different image.”King certainly gave his colleagues a different image: that of a Republican Party driven into extinction in coming decades because it antagonized what is becoming the most important voting bloc. Even his usual conservative partners moved to isolate him. “Irresponsible and reprehensible,” Rep. Raul Labrador (Idaho) said at a luncheon gathering with reporters called Conversations with Conservatives. “I think what he said was out of touch with the [GOP] conference.” In lieu of a defense of King, Labrador scolded the assembled journalists for their reporting on King’s out-of-his-gourd remark but not the favorable things other Republicans say about immigrants. “Shame on you. Shame on the media,” he lectured. “Make sure that your article talks about what every Republican said,” Labrador proposed, “not what one outlier said.” This is similar to scolding the media for focusing on the one plane that crashes and not giving equal attention to all the planes that land safely. More to the point, it’s not at all clear that King is such an outlier. Certainly, his zany remarks are low-hanging fruit for journalists. Just last week, he got into a heated exchange with a Univision host who asked about a speech in which King likened immigrants to a litter of puppies. “You want a good bird dog?” he asked. “Pick the one that’s the friskiest. . . . You get the pick of the litter and you got yourself a pretty good bird dog. Well, we’ve got the pick of every donor civilization on the planet.” But if Republicans think King is a fruitcake, they don’t show it on the House floor, where last month they approved, along party lines, an amendment King offered that would force the Obama administration to resume deportation of the DREAMers who immigrated as children. “If this position holds, no amnesty will reach the president’s desk,” the congressman said in a celebratory statement after the vote. And King’s position is holding. Boehner, responding to House conservatives, is refusing to take up the Senate legislation. Because he has chosen a strategy of passing legislation through the House without Democratic votes, the speaker can’t afford to lose more than a handful of Republicans. This empowers “outliers” such as King. “The reason we’re in a bottleneck here in Congress is because of a few like him,” Rep. Rubén Hinojosa (D-Tex.), chairman of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, told me Wednesday afternoon at a caucus event outside the Capitol. “Evidently there’s enough to be able to force the speaker of the House to stall and not be able to do this immigration reform.”Republicans say their objections to the immigration bill have nothing to do with racial or ethnic discrimination, and that’s surely the case for most of them. But King makes it easy for Democrats to tar the Republicans with sinister motives. Rep. Ben Luján (D-N.M.), one of several speakers denouncing King on the House floor Wednesday, said his slur shows why “the American people continue to see House Republicans as out of touch.”That’s not quite fair. But when one of their own is talking about cantaloupe calves, Republicans aren’t in a strong position to complain about cherry-picking. Twitter: @Milbank  Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.  Read more:  Jennifer Rubin: GOP leaders slam Rep. King’s racist comments  Greg Sargent: Steve King’s twisted immigration math We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.Some states are already embracing deep cuts to the food stamp program similar to those passed by House Republicans in Washington, ending the food subsidy for tens of thousands of low-income Americans regardless of what Congress does.Spurred by the ballooning cost of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, the GOP-dominated House voted Thursday 217-210 to cut $39 billion in the food assistance program over 10 years. Among the changes: Ending waivers for states that during the recession allowed as many as 4 million people to collect food stamps who otherwise would not have qualified.The fate of the congressional legislation is uncertain. The Senate approved much smaller reductions, and the White House threatened to veto any large cuts to food stamps.But in six states—Delaware, Kansas, New Hampshire, Utah, Vermont and Wyoming—similar reductions are already in place, or soon will be. Two more states will join them once their waivers expire, potentially taking away food stamps from tens of thousands of current recipients.Republicans blame the program's ever-increasing rolls and cost on lax enrollment criteria rather than real need. Since before the recession, the price tag for food stamps has more than doubled, topping $82.5 billion in fiscal year 2013. Enrollment hit record highs, with 15 percent of Americans now collecting benefits. Many states have more than 20 percent of their population enrolled.Costs have continued to spike as well, as Washington pays for the benefits and states administer them. A new Congressional Research Service report released this month showed fiscal year 2012 was the 12th year in a row a new historical high was reached for federal food and nutrition programs, the vast majority of which is food stamps. Since fiscal year 2000, the report said, spending on federal food assistance has more than tripled.Put in a different context, the U.S. Census Bureau said food stamps lifted 4 million Americans out of poverty last year if the benefits were counted as income.What states are doingKansas is the latest to embrace the cuts, ending a federal waiver on Oct. 1 that allows unemployed, non-elderly and able-bodied adults without children to remain on food stamps despite failing to meet certain work requirements. The change is expected to affect 20,000 Kansans. Wisconsin will let its waiver expire in July 2014, and Oklahoma will also let its waiver at the end of this month; 71,000 and 47,000 people, respectively, received benefits through the waiver in 2011, the latest year for which data is available.The waivers, part of the 1996 welfare reform, were designed to give states flexibility in times of high unemployment. It suspends a requirement that limits benefits to three months unless recipients work 20 hours a week or spend a certain amount of time on work-related activities, such as job training.Until this year, 45 states took advantage of the waiver during the recession, and two that did not – Vermont and New Hampshire – weren't eligible for statewide coverage, which is based on unemployment and job market data. Delaware and Utah chose not to request a waiver, while Wyoming wasn't eligible.Many Republican-led states are trimming safety nets as the recession wanes. In addition, food stamp benefits for all recipients are set to fall Nov. 1 when federal stimulus money ends. Some states have changed welfare enrollment criteria. Others enacted unprecedented cuts in unemployment insurance, as Stateline previously reported.Against that backdrop, supporters of the cuts see the work requirement as a prime opportunity to trim the rolls. Those possibly affected by ending the waivers comprise less than 5 percent of Americans collecting food stamps.Republicans see the improving economy as a sign enrollment should be dropping anyway, with cuts to benefits a good way to push some people back into the labor market. Kansas made its case clear, calling the policy "an effort to encourage employment over welfare dependency.""Employment is the most effective way to escape poverty," Kansas Department of Children and Families Secretary Phyllis Gilmore said in a statement announcing the move.Those who support ending the waivers also promise robust job placement and training programs to help those affected meet work requirements, which could allow them to keep their benefits. Wisconsin, for example, is spending an additional $33 million on those efforts as its waiver expires.Are cuts premature?Others say the cuts are premature in the face of a weak job market— 11 states and the District of Columbia have unemployment rates measurably higher than the national 7.3 percent jobless rate. The waivers are designed to end once employment improves. Ending them sooner could strip flexibility to deal with lingering joblessness, which is expected to remain above normal for years."It's hard to imagine any state would want to lose the flexibility to use waivers to tailor the policy to meet local conditions," said Dottie Rosenbaum, a senior policy analyst at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a left-leaning think tank. Rosenbaum added that the work-requirement policy can have "harsh effects on very poor individuals."Underlying the debate is the question of whether policies enacted during the recession have increased enrollment levels beyond actual need. Critics cite the outsized growth of food stamps compared with other safety net programs during the recession.Projections paint a bleak picture. The Congressional Budget Office estimates more than 43 million will collect food stamp benefits in 2017, just 4 million fewer than today. By 2022, the CBO estimates enrollment will be 9 million more than pre-recession levels and total spending will be nearly $73 billion—more than double than it was in 2007.Stateline is a nonpartisan, nonprofit news service of the Pew Charitable Trusts that provides daily reporting and analysis on trends in state policy.AdvertisementSupported byBy Charles M. BlowAlong with — and because of — dramatic social and demographic changes, America is quickly dividing itself into two separate nations, regional enclaves of rigid politics, as the idea of common national priorities fades further into a distant past.Rich Morin, a senior editor at the Pew Research Center, wrote about a new study on public opinion on Wednesday and found that:“Americans often say they want their representatives in Congress to put the country’s needs over local concerns. But four novel experiments suggest that the public does just the opposite.”He continued:“Respondents rated a member of Congress far more favorably if the lawmaker put the interests of his or her district or state over those of the country as a whole.”He concluded, in part, with this damning line:“The study’s author says legislators who ‘nobly’ put national preferences ahead of local ones will be punished by constituents.”Here’s why this is so problematic: on a state level, and even on a county and community level, we as a country continue to self-sort into ideological islands.According to the author Bill Bishop, who in 2008 published “The Big Sort: Why the Clustering of Like-Minded America is Tearing Us Apart”:“In 1976, only about a quarter of America’s voters lived in a county a presidential candidate won by a landslide margin. By 2004, it was nearly half.”And the country’s seismic demographic and cultural shifts threaten to make our tribalism permanent.There has been the rapid rise of minority populations and stagnation in the growth of the non-Hispanic white population in this country. Now, non-whites represent a majority of all births in America, and last week The New York Times reported on census data that revealed that “deaths exceeded births among non-Hispanic white Americans for the first time in at least a century.”In fact, according to an Associated Press report last week, which cited government reports: “For the first time, America’s racial and ethnic minorities now make up about half of the under-5 age group.”But there were also some worrisome statistics in the report that could help to signal those children’s views on policy. According to the report: “Black toddlers were most likely to be poor, at 41 percent, followed by Hispanics at 32 percent and whites at 13 percent. Asian toddlers had a poverty rate of 11 percent.”As a Pew Research Center report found in 2009, while top earners (those earning $100,000 or more) were almost evenly split among Democrats, independents and Republicans, the lowest earners (those making $20,000 or less) were more than twice as likely to be Independents than Republicans, and were nearly three times as likely to be Democrats than Republicans.Furthermore, what constitutes a family and who is seen as the head of that family has also changed. According to a March report titled “Knot Yet,” which was sponsored by The National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy, the Relate Institute and The National Marriage Project at the University of Virginia:“By age 25, 44 percent of women have had a baby, while only 38 percent have married; by the time they turn 30, about two-thirds of American women have had a baby, typically out of wedlock. Over all, 48 percent of first births are to unmarried women, most of them in their 20s.”In fact, the report found that “for women as a whole, the median age at first birth (25.7) now falls before the median age at first marriage (26.5), a phenomenon we call ‘The Great Crossover.’ ”But in almost every case, the states that went for Barack Obama in 2012 had the higher ages of first marriage, and the ones that went for Mitt Romney had lower ones.It would stand to reason that attacks on contraception and a full range of family planning options — including a woman’s right to an abortion — might be viewed differently by these families.And, we are becoming less blindly religious and more blindly militaristic. (The former is a good thing; the latter, not so much.)According to Gallup, the percentage of Americans saying that they have quite a lot or a great deal of confidence in “the church or organized religion” went from 68 percent in 1975 to 48 percent in 2013. Over the same period, those expressing the same amount of confidence in the military has gone from 58 percent to 76 percent.This means that on the moral front, more liberal views — like support for same-sex marriage — are allowed to quickly spread and have gone from being seen as radical to mainstream. But even on this issue, we are becoming two Americas: one where same-sex marriage is legal in some states and another where it’s specifically outlawed.But on the military front, it means that revelations about recent government snooping on Americans doesn’t sound as many alarms as it should have. Politically, it also means that some of the old ideological battle lines on national security have been scrambled so that Republicans no longer get all the credit, nor Democrats all the blame.These new realities have changed the conversation about the role and size of government, about the line between individual liberty and the collective good, about the meaning of personal responsibility and societal responsibility.They have also signaled that conservative arguments on many of these issues are losing their resonance nationally, and that the Republican pool of potential voters is shrinking while the Democratic pool expands.So, to defend themselves, their ways of thinking (and, to their minds, their way of life), Republicans are pulling every lever to slow the change on the state level — gerrymandering, limiting voter access, passing anti-immigrant laws, cutting assistance to the poor.This means we’re now at a point where people may not worry as much about all of America as about their slice of America. In the tumult and transition of change, we may be becoming a nation divided against itself.AdvertisementPerhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.With all the excitement over Syria last week -- we went from "Assad is Hitler" to "we have achieved peace in our time" almost overnight! -- you may have missed another big story. The IRS scandal, which has slumbered over the summer as Congress has been in recess, seems to be waking up.It has now been over four months since the IRS admitted it was targeting conservative groups in the run-up to the 2012 election. The chief IRS official in charge of Exempt Organizations, Lois Lerner, has "taken the Fifth" -- invoking her right against self-incrimination in order to avoid testifying before Congress on what went on. Nonetheless, President Obama -- who himself "joked" about auditing his enemies -- has lumped the IRS misconduct in with what he calls "phony scandals."But new emails have come out that make the IRS scandal look anything but phony. Emails recovered by the House Ways and Means Committee demonstrate that the targeting of Tea Party groups -- and of voter-integrity groups -- was orchestrated from the top of the agency. Rather than being conducted by a few rogue employees in the Cincinnati office of the IRS, the Tea Party targeting was regarded by Lerner as something "very dangerous" politically, and she observed that "Cincy should probably NOT have these cases."The emails also reveal Lerner's concerns that the Democrats might lose their Senate majority, and her hopes that the Federal Election Commission might "save the day" by interfering with right-leaning grassroots activity. The IRS also shared information with the FEC, something not permitted by statute, raising questions about just how politicized both agencies were.An editorial in Investor's Business Dailyobserves:"Like the Internet video the Benghazi terrorist attack was blamed on, the only thing phony about the IRS scandal is the administration's cover story that a couple of rogue agents in the Cincinnati office concocted and executed this most blatant abuse of power by the most powerful and feared agency of government. Lerner's email further blows out of the water that discredited fiction. It also confirms a suspected reason for the planned intimidation and hamstringing of conservative opposition to the Obama administration's policies, saying that those Tea Party group applications for tax-exempt status could end up being the 'vehicle to go to court' to get more clarity on the 2010 Supreme Court ruling on campaign finance rules."That's right, and that's just another reason why we need to get to the bottom of the IRS scandal, which isn't the least bit "phony." It seems to me that there are two possible problems here. One is that this came from the Obama White House. The other is that the -- overwhelmingly Democratic -- career civil service at the IRS didn't need White House instructions to go after Tea Party groups it saw as enemies.The first possibility is bad enough, but is presumably remediable with stricter rules. The second possibility, however, calls into question the possibility of a nonpartisan career civil service, and certainly the possibility of fair administration for something as complex, and involving as many discretionary decisions, as the Internal Revenue Code. Worse yet, given that overwhelming partisan identification with Democrats pervades the civil service as a whole, it calls into question the very possibility of a nonpartisan and politically neutral civil service.I'm not ready to call for a return to the "spoils system," but the fully politicized federal bureaucracy of our nation's first century or so did have two advantages: First, presidents couldn't hide behind the bureaucracy, as they were presumed responsible for the actions of government bureaus staffed with their supporters; and second, politicians were less inclined to trust the bureaucracy with enormous and discretionary power when they knew that it would sometimes be staffed by their political adversaries.At any rate, it all boils down to trust. One reason for the resonance of not only the IRS scandals but also the NSA scandal, the Benghazi scandal, Fast and Furious, and so on is that fewer Americans than ever trust the federal government. It's a mess that needs to be cleaned up, and denying that the mess exists only exacerbates the lack of trust.It's doubtful that Eric Holder's Justice Department -- which is even more partisan and politicized than the IRS -- will clean this mess up. Nor is Holder likely to appoint a special prosecutor. So it's up to congressional investigators to get to the bottom of it. Stay tuned.Glenn Harlan Reynolds is professor of law at the University of Tennessee and the author of The New School: How the Information Age Will Save American Education from Itself. He blogs atInstaPundit.com.In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinionsfrom outside writers, including ourBoard of Contributors. To read more columns like this, go to the opinion front page or follow us on twitter @USATopinion or Facebook.WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsThere are many ways to understand our economic situation.  In my view, though, one graph explains the whole thing.  This chart has made the rounds on twitter in the last few days  - though most who follow economics have seen it before.This chart shows the trend in the share of total income that goes to workers.  
The chart shows up until 1980 a fairly stable trend - labor's share would fall during a recession and then grow until the next recession.  After 1980 the trend changes - the recovery in mid-80's never restored labor's share of income to what it was in 1980.  Even the boom of the '90's did not restore labor's share to what it was before '80.  Things really start to breakdown after 2000 - where there is a continuing and unprecedented decline in labor's share of income.  Why does this matter? At its core I think most everyone to the left of center would agree that the fundamental problem with the economy is a problem of demand.  In introductory economics they usually talk about the Marginal Propensity to Consume ("MPC").  One of the first things you learn is that poor people have a higher propensity to consume than the rich.  There are only so many houses and cars the rich can buy until they start stashing money in places like Switzerland.  As the rich increase their share of the economy, you begin to have a systemic problem in the economy.  The rich get more and more share of the wealth, but they don't spend it so the demand problem gets worse and worse.In my opinion this is the current problem.  Labor's share is declining because companies are offshoring production, or alternatively, automating it.  In either instance, labor gets less and less share of the total income.I promised one graph - but lets look at one more.  Let's compare labor's share of income to the S&P 500 since 2000.Two things to note - the stock market is going up while labor's share is going down.  I don't think is a a real surprise, but the graph shows the cause pretty well.  But there is a second point I want to make as well.  In addition to a lack of demand, a world where the rich have too much money is a world that is going to be subject to asset bubbles.  If the rich don't spend their money it is going to go somewhere.  That somewhere is in part various financial markets.  But because financial markets are prone to panic, I think you can predict that we will see more bubbles build and then burst.The graph suggests at least in part that my second point is true is well.There are many conclusions you can draw on this.  Some here will say that this is a house of cards that will all come crashing down.  I don't think this is really right for a variety of reasons.  But I DO think that until something happens to change the balance of power between labor and capital, the economy will not perform as it could, and the fruits of that economy will be very unequally distributed.I close with Marriner Eccles' (the head of the Fed under FDR) famous explanation of the cause of the Great Depression.  His words ring true today:Instead of achieving that kind of distribution, a giant suction pump had by 1929-30 drawn into a few hands an increasing portion of currently produced wealth. This served them as capital accumulations. But by taking purchasing power out of the hands of mass consumers, the savers denied to themselves the kind of effective demand for their products that would justify a reinvestment of their capital accumulations in new plants. In consequence, as in a poker game where the chips were concentrated in fewer and fewer hands, the other fellows could stay in the game only by borrowing. When their credit ran out, the game stopped.Thu Jun 06, 2013 at  7:01 AM PT: Since this is on the reclist, I thought I would point people to a very wonkish - but still important piece by Brad Delong this morning.  Delong is pretty much required reading if you want to understand the economy - he was one of the leaders of the attacks on Reinhart and Rogoff.He notes in part about the incredible gap between corporate profits and the Treasury rate:"Right now the profit share in the US economy is at levels far and away higher than I at least ever imagined I would see. And, given the high profit share and the extremely low return on Treasury notes the stock market is far and away lower than I at least ever imagined I would see. With downward pressure on real wages from elevated unemployment making it more likely that profits will grow faster than the economy rather than shrink, the 9% point gap between the S&P earnings yield of 7% and the Treasury note real yield of -2%--I never thought I would see anything like this in my lifetime."We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartBut the king of the assholes, at least on this vote, is Missouri Sen. Roy Blunt, number three on that list up there of votes against Sandy relief. Let's rewind to May 2011.“I’m asking for 100 percent federal reimbursement to local governments,” Blunt said, “They’ve agreed to 75.   I think they have to come to a better number than that, and the right number, I think, would be 100 percent.”A bipartisan Senate group has agreed on a sweeping legislative proposal that would represent the most ambitious overhaul of the U.S. immigration system in three decades. The Washington Post will be examining portions of the bill on Post Politics in a series of blog entries.One area of the immigration bill that will be proposed this week by a bipartisan group of eight senators that is already drawing fire from civil libertarians is the legislation's dramatic expansion of the E-Verify system, a computer system designed to ensure employers hire only workers legally present in the United States.Though some details of the proposal are not yet clear — the bill itself has not been made public — a summary of the legislation provided to The Washington Post indicates that the bill would require companies with more than 5,000 employees to adopt the system within two years. Those with 500 employees would get three years and all employers, including those in agriculture, would need to do so within four years.The new system will rely more heavily on "photo-matching." The E-Verify system will contain a vast database of photographs, and workers applying for jobs would need to present identification with photographs that match those in the database to prove they are who they say they are and that they are in the country legally.For non-citizens, that would mean showing a work authorization or green card with a photo. Citizens could show passports or driver's licenses, where states have agreed to provide license information to the E-Verify system. To encourage states to turn over the information, he bill includes $250 million in new funding to reimburse states that choose to take part.Photo-matching is less expensive for employers — and potentially less invasive-feeling for workers — than finger-printing, which had been considered by senators during their extensive negotiations.Still, the process already has its critics, which say it amounts to the creation of a new national ID."If you take a step back and think about what that means, when this reaches fruition and is completed, you'll have an Internet-accessible system that has everyone’s photo and identifying information in it," said Chris Calabrese, legislative counsel with the ACLU. "You can easily imagine E-Verify becoming the national ID system."That the system will now be required for employers, even small businesses that might have trouble shouldering the cost, is also a concern, he said. "That's a fundamental shift," he said from the current system, which is largely voluntary.Jim Harper, director of information studies at the Cato Institute, said photographs are the weakest form of biometric identification.  He predicted that a system that is launched using photos would later be expanded to include other identifiers people might see as more problematic  including iris scans and fingerprints. But he said the "knitting together" of available sources of photographs into a single database is itself a concern."I’m standing down on the horizon, waving my arms saying , 'Hey, hey this is a national ID system!" he said. "It's big government at it's worst."Still, many immigration advocates have shelved their long-time opposition to E-Verify, believing it one piece of a necessary compromise that will also allow a path to citizenship for those now in the country illegally. The system, they believe, is necessary to convince wary conservatives that the nation will not face a new flood of illegal immigrants once a path to citizenship is provided for many who are already here.Frank Sharry, executive director of America's Voice, said a new system to reduce incentives for employers to hire illegal immigrants — and make it harder for them to do so — is a key piece of any broad-based overhaul of the system."It's the essential trade-off: legalization and a path to citizenship, for employer verification," he said. "That is really the heart of every comprehensive immigration reform  package ever put together."The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyAdvertisementSupported byBy Binyamin AppelbaumWASHINGTON — The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was conceived by a Harvard professor, embraced by the Obama administration and pushed into law by Congressional Democrats determined to expand the federal government’s authority to protect borrowers from abusive lending practices — all in the space of just three years.But even after the agency opened its doors in July 2011, almost exactly two years ago, its legal authority remained uncertain so long as Republicans prevented the confirmation of a director to lead the agency, as required by law.That barricade collapsed on Tuesday. Republicans agreed to allow the confirmation of Richard Cordray, by a vote of 66 to 34, cementing a new era of expansive federal oversight of companies that lend money to consumers.Senator Elizabeth Warren, the Massachusetts Democrat who conceived the agency when she was a Harvard professor and supervised its creation as an Obama administration official, presided over the 66-to-34 confirmation vote, announcing the results with obvious satisfaction.“It is a truly historic day,” Ms. Warren told reporters before the vote. “There’s no doubt that the consumer agency will survive beyond the crib. There is now no doubt that the American people will have a strong watchdog in Washington.”Mr. Cordray, 54, and the agency are now set up to regulate interactions between borrowers and lenders, from the largest banks to mom-and-pop payday shops, and the terms of mortgages and student loans among other financial transactions.He was confirmed one day shy of the second anniversary of his nomination by Mr. Obama. In January 2012, Mr. Obama installed Mr. Cordray at the agency when Congress was in recess, a move that the administration described as fulfilling the legal requirement for the agency to exercise the full measure of its powers. But some administration opponents did not agree. Since then, the agency has begun to assert authority over nonbank financial companies, including mortgage and payday lenders, but its actions have been shadowed by uncertainty about the legality of Mr. Cordray’s appointment.The Supreme Court agreed in June to hear a case regarding the legality of Mr. Obama’s recess appointments to the National Labor Relations Board. If the court rules against the administration, it would open the way for challenges regarding Mr. Cordray, who was appointed on the same day and in the same way. The vote on Tuesday, however, means any such ruling most likely would have limited consequences. “Today’s action brings added certainty to the industries we oversee and reinforces our responsibility to stand on the side of consumers and see that they are treated fairly in the financial marketplace,” Mr. Cordray said in a statement.Republicans had insisted they would block any nominee to lead the consumer agency, instead demanding that Democrats agree to eliminate the position and replace it with a board of directors. Forty-four Republican senators made that demand in a May 2011 letter, and 43 repeated it earlier this year. Senator Rob Portman, an Ohio Republican, said Tuesday that he had agreed to allow a vote after speaking with Mr. Cordray in person on Monday night and again on Tuesday morning. Mr. Portman said that Mr. Cordray, who is also from Ohio, had promised to testify before the Senate Appropriations Committee, although the panel still would not have power over the agency’s budget. He also said that Mr. Cordray had promised to obtain cost-benefit analyses on proposed regulations. Mr. Portman and other Republicans said they would continue to pursue structural reforms of the agency.The banking industry, which largely opposed the agency’s creation and then sought to prevent Mr. Cordray’s confirmation, found a silver lining on Tuesday in the prospect that the government would increase its oversight of other financial institutions.“What we’re looking for now is full steam ahead to level the playing field between banks and nonbanks,” said Richard Hunt, president of the Consumer Bankers Association. He cited payday lenders and Wal-Mart as particular examples of the kind of nonbank lenders that banks would like to see subjected to additional regulation.Mr. Hunt emphasized that his group had always been concerned about the agency’s structure, not about the particular choice of Mr. Cordray. “I think it would have been much better for the American people” if the structure had been changed, he said. “But I think that train has left the station after today’s vote.” Ms. Warren proposed the creation of a federal agency to protect consumers of financial products in a 2007 article, memorably arguing that the government put more effort into ensuring the safety of toaster ovens than the safety of mortgage loans. The idea resonated with Mr. Obama and his senior advisers, and it became a centerpiece of the administration’s proposal to overhaul financial regulation.Mr. Obama named Ms. Warren to oversee its creation, and she brought in Mr. Cordray after he lost a bid for re-election as Ohio attorney general, where he had pursued a series of investigations of financial companies.When Mr. Obama passed over Ms. Warren to nominate Mr. Cordray, she decided to run for the Senate instead. She has remained a vigorous advocate for the agency and for Mr. Cordray. “I can’t think how many times people said to me that this agency has no chance, none at all, that it will be killed in the crib,” she said. “I just couldn’t be more pleased.”AdvertisementNew legislation which will limit the paparazzi's ability to photograph stars' children has become law in the state of California.Bill 606, championed by actress Halle Berry, who testified before the state assembly, sets out to protect the children of those in the public eye.It lays out penalties for taking photos and video of a child without parental consent and in a harassing manner.It would be "the beginning of the end," Berry said, for "aggressive paparazzi".Earlier this week, it was signed into California law by state governor Jerry Brown."I started this fight with a great deal of hope and a bit of uncertainty so I cannot express my immense gratitude that Gov. Brown has recognized, and acted to remedy, the plight of children who are tormented because of the identity or prominence of their parents," said Berry.The Academy award-winning actress was seen shouting at photographers taking pictures of her family after arriving at Los Angeles International airport in April, with her partner Olivier Martinez and her daughter.Pregnant Berry also thanked actress Jennifer Garner and British singer Adele for joining her in her fight."I am forever in awe of the support I got within my community from the enormously talented musician Adele to fellow actor Jennifer Garner, who travelled with me to Sacramento to share her children's stories, experience and her desire to give them a better life."The law comes into effect in January. Those breaking it could receive between 10 days and one year in jail, as well as a fine of up to $10,000 (£6,252).The bill also allows for parents to bring a civil action against violators to seek damages and legal fees."Kids shouldn't be tabloid fodder," said Senator Kevin de Leon, who put forward the bill, adding that the new law "will give children, no matter who their parents are, protection from harassers who go to extremes to turn a buck".The Motion Picture Association of America was among several groups that opposed the legislation, saying it infringes upon free speech protections. Mr De Leon's office claimed the bill does not infringe on First Amendment rights because it targets the photographer's conduct, not the act of taking a photograph.Other organisations in opposition include the National Press Photographers Association and the California Broadcasters Association."It is for all of us that I rejoice today and hope that this fight will continue and that the proper enforcement of this law will truly make a positive impact on the daily lives of all children," said Berry.Berry to back US paparazzi billBerry pregnancy won't affect X-MenHalle Berry stalker is sentencedCalifornia Legislative InformationPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?5Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Most here saw the Tea Party assholes for what they were long ago.  Well, they showed up without their Klan hoods to show themselves to the world at President Obama's speech in Arizona:Many on both sides wore red, white and blue and carried small flags.ship“He needs to go back to where he came from because obviously, he is a liar,” she said. “I am not racist. I am part Indian. Obama’s half Black, half White.”“He’s 47 percent Negro,” shouted Ron Enderle, a 77-year-old Chandler resident who said that he and his son served as Marines and his grandson is currently serving in the Marines.snip“We have gone back so many years,” she said. “He’s divided all the races. I hate him for that.”This is today's Republicans.  Bunch of fucking ignorant bigots.  I'm proud to have voted for Barack Obama.Update I:  Went to a baseball game right after I wrote this (Unfortunately the Dodgers are kicking the Cards asses tonight).  Arizona Blue had sent me some links to other diaries on this several hours ago.  Here they are for your reading pleasure:Hundreds Protest President Obama in Phoenix and it wasn't prettyRWNJs So Stupid They Screwed Up Own Anti-President Obama Racist Chants; Blame Him For Their Racism 3/5 of a person. That should be familiar.  It is how slaves were counted for purposes of representation (and taxation) in the U. S. House in the original Constitution:But you need to do the actual math. No one on your side - at least I hope no one on your side - has crunched the numbers. Last election, Barack Obama won 51.16% of the vote. Under the new bill he would have won four of the states 13 electoral votes.And do you know how much it counts an Obama voter as? (It's 4/13 divided by 51.16%. I'll wait. Do it. Get a calculator. You'll crap yourself.)IT IS ALMOST EXACTLY THREE FIFTHS.This bill counts an Obama voter as 3/5 of a person. I don't know if that fraction rings a bell with you. It was kind of a big deal, way back when. Women in fancy dresses, guys in gray - a lot of gray was in style. Is the light coming on now?and please continue below the fold for just a few words more.Blow's final two paragraphs, which come immediately after referencing Bibeau, read as follows:This is not where we should be in 2013, debating whether to pass bills to reduce urban voters to a fraction of the value of other voters and hoping that someone with the power to stop it thinks it’s a “bad idea.”It is worth noting that unlike the two states that now distribute electoral votes by Congressional district (Maine which has never split, and Nebraska which in 2008 gave on e EV to OBama) and as far as I know ALL other current proposals, rather than giving the two EV votes equivalent to the two senators to the candidate winning the statewide total, the Virginia proposal would award the final two EVS to the candidate winning the majority of the Congressional districts, not the majority of the state's votes.  Those districts were heavily gerrymandered, because in 2008 the Dems had won 6 of the state's electoral votes, and even though Glenn Nye and Tom Perriello and Rick Boucher were defeated in 2010, the Republicans were taking no chances and redrew the CDs to make them more Republican friendly.  Obama actually won one CD represented by a Republican.The proposal came from a state senator whose intention seems racist - he wants rural (for which you can read "white") voters not to be outvoted by urban (for which you can read "black" and to a lesser degree "Hispanic") voters.It will not go anywhere.It is ironic that the vote distribution turned out to so closely match the ratio of the 3/5 Compromise.But then, part of the pushback against Obama has from the beginning been because he was Black.Odd that the ratio would now increasingly include young people and women as well as people of color.Again, it won't happen in Virginia.It seems like the parallel in Florida is also dead, because the Republican heads of the two chambers of the state legislature are opposed to splitting the electoral vote.But let's be clear -  the intent of such proposal is not merely to steal states for Republicans that they might not otherwise win, it is to diminish the value of the votes of minorities and expand the power of angry old white men.Like the attempts this past cycle at voter suppression through voter-id laws and limiting access to early voting, this will produce a backlash.Perhaps those pushing such proposals really do want to make Obama voters count for only 3/5.In the process what they might be demonstrating is that they themselves have only 3/5 the intelligence and moral character of those whose votes they seek to diminish.This story has been removed.This story has been unpublished and you do not have permission to view it. It may have been deleted by its author.© 2019 Daily Kos  |  HelpdeskSo mere hours after the Supreme Court struck down Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act, Texas wasted no more time and re-instituted the same redistricting plan the courts had already ruled as unconstitutional.  The same with their new voter suppression bill.Attorney General Holder was having none of it, however.  Texas was the first lawsuit to be filed by the Justice Department under Section 2 of the Voting Right Act.  And now Texas is presenting its defense. It is using two main arguments.And boy, are they doozies.Jump below the Chee-to for more:First, says Attorney General Greg Abbott, the redistricting is not about race.  Oh no.  It's about not allowing DEMOCRATS to vote.  White Democrats too.From their brief:"So, basically, we just want to fuck over all Democrats, and if the Black and Brown people are also hurt, well, they shouldn't vote for Democrats, should they?  It's only collateral damage"You know, having them actually come right out and say it--that they don't want Democrats to vote--is somehow not surprising.  But it's good that they're doing it at last.  But wait!  There's more. To address the actual accusations of racial bias and discrimination, Texas is using the argument that "Yeah, there may be an isolated incident or two, but it's NOTHING like it was in 1965".  From the article, which says it better than I can:I think the fact that Texas is second only to Mississippi in Section 2 lawsuits is the basis for this particular argument.  However, there is a danger here.  Texas is arguing that ONLY conditions that existed in 1965 would justify Federal supervision of the elections process.  Sort of like an "originalism to the extreme" argument.  And that can be dangerous because there are those on the Supreme Court that would like nothing more than the total eradication of the Voting Rights Act.  Not to mention the 13th 14th and 15th Amendments, but that's another story.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALMark MardellNorth America editor@BBCMarkMardellon TwitterThis week's Time magazine front cover with Chris Christie, governor of New Jersey, is titled "The elephant in the room". He told ABC: "If I'm bothered by jokes about my weight, it's time for me to curl up into the foetal position and go home, OK?""So let's get the fat jokes out of the way first. Christie is a big figure, a heavy hitter and a weighty presence," his campaign manager and friend of 20 years Bill Palatucci tells me."It certainly doesn't bother anyone in New Jersey, we all have our struggles. He's got a bit of a weight problem, but it doesn't hold him down whatsoever."What is important is the big guy's next trick, which requires all the poise of a tightrope walker, balancing on the taut wire stretching between popular appeal and conservative distaste. Make no mistake - he could be, puns aside, a huge player. He could be the Republicans' best stab at the White House in 2016, potentially transforming his party in the process. He has, as far as I can see, a unique appeal in American politics, reaching parts that Hillary Clinton can't. Rush Limbaugh, the hyper-conservative, Tea Party-adored doyen of right-wing talk show hosts, says it tells you all you need to know that Democrats love Christie, that he is a creation of the liberal media. He has a point, although not the one he thinks he is making.Christie's importance is precisely because a third of self-identified Democrats who voted in New Jersey vote for him. It is because liberals in the Washington media establishment can vaguely imagine holding their ideological noses and voting for him.Hurricane Sandy defined Chris Christie - he toured his smashed-up state, throwing his big arms around the newly homeless. He also gripped the hand of President Obama, praising him for helping the rescue operation with government money - this, just days before last year's election. It disgusted some conservatives. He looked like a man more concerned about helping people than remaining pure to a cause.He talks of getting the job done and working together at a time Washington can do neither, mainly because of the shenanigans of his own party. But a lot of Americans like this sort of talk - you might even remember the senator who said there was not a liberal America, or a conservative America but the United States of America. It can be the key to the White House. There are two main ways to win elections (they are not mutually exclusive). One, you can motivate and organise and drag out all the people who, in theory, like your party and should be voting for you. This is what Obama did in 2008 and 2012.Second, you can hoover up the swing voters, the people in the centre and some of those who often vote for the other party. It is a typical mistake of both politicians and journalists to talk in shorthand implying everyone is born with a party label around their necks.It is not true. Even in the extraordinarily partisan world of US politics there are plenty of people who change from one election to another or split the ticket, voting say one way for the Senate, the other for the president. Here's the thing - although the Democrat nomination is Hillary Clinton's for the taking, she can't necessarily pull off this trick. Many Republicans heartily dislike the Clintons, and her appeal to the centre is uncertain. New Jersey exit polls indicated voters preferred Hillary Clinton by 49% to Christie's 43%. That's not bad in a long-time Democrat state.But to get a shot at the general election, Christie has to win his own party's nomination first. That will be really hard - in 2012, the Republican candidates tried to outdo each other by appealing to the right, and as a result Mitt Romney found himself trapped inside an ideological bubble of his own design, unable to appeal to his natural constituency of business-minded moderates. Christie may be pugnacious on low taxation and the unions, but he has already evoked conservatives' ire. He will have trouble convincing them he's the real deal. On the Sunday shows, he tried a combination of "Let's work together" and "I'm just the governor of New Jersey", but I'd expect him now to trim to the right to an extent.I asked his old friend Bill Palatucci what he made of the Tea Party criticisms. He said: "There are lots of elements of the Tea Party. The governor has great, great support in New Jersey for cutting taxes and making government smaller. Our spending in New Jersey in 2014 is less than in 2008. "I think the Tea Party is about freedom and smaller government and the governor is about the same things." So he can appeal to conservatives? I ask."Absolutely. The governor is very much a conservative, very much pro-life, against gay marriage, worked very hard to get Mitt Romney elected. "His accomplishments on fiscal issues when the state was on the brink of bankruptcy, turning that around - that's a record many conservatives like."But Christie has ducked and weaved along the centre line. He's long been anti-abortion, but hasn't made a big deal of it; he's opposed gay marriage but recently ordered New Jersey courts to drop an appeal against it; and he's banned conversion therapy for gay kids in New Jersey. So I ask - will he stand for president? Bill Palatucci laughs long and hard. "We'll wait and see," he says. "He's just got re-elected so it's important to get to the job of the second term, a good second term."That indeed may be critical - New Jersey's economy is not in a great way. But for the next three years, Christie will be on the tightrope - how he sways and if he falls will be vitally important for his party and the country. Police chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?5Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking. Gary May is a history professor at the University of Delaware and the author of “Bending Toward Justice: The Voting Rights Act and the Transformation of American Democracy.” In the debate over the future  of the Voting Rights Act , it sometimes becomes apparent that certain members of the Supreme Court are either oblivious to our nation’s recent history or willfully ignore it. Justice Antonin Scalia  made this abundantly clear in his comments during the Feb. 27 oral argument in  Shelby County v. Holder , statements that he repeated in a speech on April 15. To Scalia, the Voting Rights Act — especially Section 5, which requires covered states to submit any changes in voting practices to the Justice Department or a Washington court for approval — is a “racial entitlement” and a violation of state sovereignty. In his view, it unfairly and unnecessarily treats seven Southern states, plus Alaska, Arizona and parts of six others, differently from states not covered by the act. This month, according to the Wall Street Journal, he called the act a form of “racial preferment” that affected only African Americans while ignoring the white population.Such statements indicate that Scalia is woefully ignorant of the legislation’s history. Because of our nation’s painful legacy of racial injustice, the Voting Rights Act of 1965 has often been used to safeguard black voters specifically, but its protections extend to all Americans regardless of skin color, as was vividly demonstrated in the period after its passage.Enactment of the Voting Rights Act also led to the abolition of the poll tax. So in May 1966, African Americans were able to vote freely for the first time in an off-year primary election. Across the South, many blacks sought a host of elected offices, from county sheriff to seats in state legislatures. In Alabama, a Democratic candidate for governor, Attorney General Richmond Flowers, vigorously campaigned for black votes. If elected, he promised, he would appoint blacks to positions in his administration — men and women active in the civil rights movement, he pledged, not “just a few Uncle Toms.”The favorite to win in Alabama, however, was Flowers’s opponent, Lurleen Wallace, a stand-in for her husband, George, the gubernatorial incumbent who was ineligible to run because of term limits. A vote for the Wallace ticket would be a vote for segregation; George Wallace had been the scourge of the civil rights movement in Alabama and had actively incited racial hatred to obtain the support of white voters.On Election Day, the turnout was extraordinary. In Selma, the polls opened at 8 a.m., but black voters started lining up hours before. In Birmingham, a blistering sun caused one older man to faint, but when an ambulance arrived, he refused to go to the hospital until he had cast his ballot. “This is the first time I’m voting,” he said. “It might be my last.”Voting continued far into the night. In Montgomery, the polls were supposed to close at 6 p.m. But at 8:30, 1,100 African Americans were still waiting at the polls and refused to leave before they had voted. At that same hour in Birmingham, 700 voters had waited patiently for more than five hours. “It made me think I was sort of somebody,” Willie Bolden, the 81-year-old grandson of slaves, told a reporter.For African Americans, the outcome was disappointing. Few black candidates were elected, and Mrs. Wallace won a resounding victory with 399,024 votes, nearly twice as many as her husband had won four years earlier. Few had doubted that Wallace would win, but the size of her victory was what was truly surprising. And it was due, in part, to the Voting Rights Act.Analysts later discovered that, while their projections had accounted for the historic enfranchisement of Alabama’s blacks, they had missed an equally important development: the even greater expansion of the white vote. By eliminating the literacy tests and other impediments such as the poll tax, the Voting Rights Act gave many poor whites the opportunity to register and cast ballots. A skillful get-out-the-vote campaign by Wallace’s staff added 110,000 new voters to the white majority, decreasing black influence even as the number of black voters grew. Nor was this phenomenon limited to Alabama. Throughout the South, many of the new registrants were white. This election indicates that Scalia is wrong when he calls the Voting Rights Act “a racial preferment” that provides no protection for white voters. The  act protects all voters, especially in the states and districts covered by Section 5, from any obstacles that might be put in their way. That was true in 1966 and remains true today as efforts to suppress the minority vote continue. Scalia needs to do his homework before the court determines the act’s future.   Read more from PostOpinions:  Gregory B. Craig: The Voting Rights Act should be left alone  Rep. John Lewis: Why we still need the Voting Rights Act  George F. Will: The Voting Rights Act, stuck in the past  Hilary Rosen: Careful what you wish for with undoing the Voting Rights Act  The Post’s View: The work of the Voting Rights Act isn’t finished We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.AdvertisementSupported byEditorialBy The Editorial BoardThe Justice Department on Monday sued North Carolina over the state’s restrictive new voting law, which requires photo identification for in-person voting and cuts back on early voting and same-day registration — all of which will disproportionately affect black voters. The suit, which follows similar litigation against Texas, is the latest effort by the department to go after voting discrimination in the wake of the Supreme Court’s ruling in June striking down part of the Voting Rights Act. Attorney General Eric Holder Jr. called the North Carolina law “an intentional attempt to break a system that was working,” and he said that it was clearly intended to discriminate on the basis of race. But North Carolina and Texas represent only one front in the continuing battle to protect voting rights. Twenty years after Congress passed the “motor voter” law to make it easier for Americans to register to vote, numerous states keep trying to make it harder, relying on vague and dubious claims of voter fraud to push through misguided and harmful legislation. The 1993 law, formally known as the National Voter Registration Act, established a uniform federal form that requires only that voters attest under penalty of perjury that they are citizens. The form, which states must “accept and use” when people apply for a driver’s license, has helped millions of Americans register to vote.One week before it gutted the Voting Rights Act, the Supreme Court reaffirmed the federal motor voter law’s primacy, striking down an Arizona law that required prospective voters to prove their citizenship. That was the right result. In the face of scant evidence of voter fraud, there is no reason to increase barriers to voting.But the court also noted that if a state believes it needs to see more concrete proof of citizenship, it may request specific changes to the form used within its borders if “necessary” to determine voters’ eligibility.Last month, Kansas and Arizona seized on that point, and sued the federal government for refusing to add their stricter requirements to the federal form. (While Kansas permits voters who use the federal form to vote in federal elections, it stops them from voting in state and local elections if they don’t provide proof of citizenship.) Why does Kansas believe it is “necessary” to require the additional proof? The state makes broad claims that noncitizens have unlawfully registered and voted, but, as usual, there is no evidence that any significant voter fraud exists. The Kansas secretary of state, Kris Kobach, a longtime proponent and drafter of these laws, points to a 1997 vote on a county ballot measure, in which he claims “a bus full of individuals believed to be aliens” voted illegally, and a 2010 election that he says was stolen by “50 votes illegally cast by citizens of Somalia.” But these claims don’t stand up to scrutiny. The first case resulted in no prosecutions, and a state judge found no evidence of voter fraud in the second. Mr. Kobach cites a total of seven convictions for voter fraud since 1997. Meanwhile, more than 17,000 Kansans — nearly a third of all those who have registered to vote in 2013 — currently sit on a “suspense list,” prevented from voting because the state says they did not provide the required proof of citizenship. State officials have acknowledged that a majority of those on the list may be there because of confusion over conflicting state requirements. Instead of acknowledging the seriousness of these mix-ups, Mr. Kobach called those on the list “mostly casual registrants, many of whom do not intend to vote.” Kansas’s law, like those the Justice Department has challenged, reveals the underlying dishonesty of voter ID laws. They have nothing to do with stopping the nonexistent threat of voter fraud and everything to do with making it harder for more eligible voters to register and vote. AdvertisementWow, just saw this on Youtube. . .You just can't make this kind of stuff up.___________
Watch at how the mere mention of racism sets this white guy at CPAC through the roof. The white guy goes off on the self described black conservative who wanted to know why there wasn't more diversity at CPAC. Bizarre. Make of it what you will.The black guy in the video seems genuinely like he wants to find a way for conservatives to appeal to other African Americans, but he suddenly gets screamed on by a white guy who insists that race doesn't matter. Here is a short transcript.White guy: "So?"Black guy: "What's wrong with the message?"White guy: "Why didn't you go out and look?"Black guy: "What's wrong with the message? How many?" (Holding up five fingers on one hand)White guy: "I don't count?!?!"Black guy: "It matters."White guy: "I don't ask people what their . . ?"Black guy: "It matters because."White guy: ((unintelligible))Black guy: "I do. Cause race matters."White guy: "No it doesn't!!! You're an American! You're not a black person! You're an American! I didn't go in and count all the Jews?"And then the white guy accuses the black guy of trying to divide the country by acknowledging that he is, in fact, a black guy.The horror.Nothing sums up the GOP then a white guy at CPAC screaming at a black guy that race doesn't matter while the black guy is escorted out and the screaming white guy gets to stay.Slightly more below the foldAt the end of the tape the man who was asked to leave goes on to say . .  .    I guess you don't have to be a poor demented honky to vote Republican, but it helps.The floor is now yours . . .   12:48 PM PT: Surprise, the white guy screaming in this video is a Brietbart hack, check out the diary posted by bluebarnstormer http://www.dailykos.com/...Another note, Republicans have convinced themselves that there is no racism for the same reasons they claim there is no such thing as Global warming, or that the problem is that we don't have enough guns on the street, Republicans pretend these problems don't exist and take offense if you claim they do because Conservatives and their wealthy financial backers are the chief beneficiaries of racism and pollution and the flooding of America with high power war rifles. Saying racism doesn't exist then allows you to turn a blind eye to it, because of course it doesn't exist, so what's the problem. That is why Republicans tell themselves that black people would only vote GOP if they really knew what the GOP was about. As if that isn't insulting.If they admit the problem exists they have to offer a solution, so they don't. Instead they insist that the problem of racism, pollution and other things don't exist at all, unlike socialism.And there you have it. Republicans can't admit racism exists because they are the sole beneficiaries of it, keeping poor white people voting for rich white people is only possible if the strawman of the Sherriff is black.And the media will never state that because they are owned by the corporations who stand to gain the most if Republican racism remains the Elephant in the Room, pardon the pun.Magical thinking doesn't fix these problems. And magical thinking is all the GOP has left, that and fear./peaceWASHINGTON — As they prepare to leave the Capitol for a month-long August recess, Republican members of the House of Representatives are taking with them legislative summaries and informational packets to tackle tough questions in their districts about immigration.Supporters of a proposal to revamp the nation's immigration laws plan to use the recess to pressure House Republican members in their districts to pass a plan like that which passed the Senate in June.Those in favor of granting citizenship to an estimated 11 million unauthorized immigrants say they will use rallies, marches, coordinated phone calls, social media campaigns and pressure from big-dollar donors."This is the beginning of a long, hot summer for the House of Representatives," said Eliseo Medina of the Service Employees International Union, a labor union that supports the Senate's immigration bill.Republicans will also face pressure from Tea Party groups and other opponents of the Senate immigration bill.Roy Beck, president of NumbersUSA, says his group, which advocates lower levels of legal and illegal immigration, hosted a teleconference with Reps. Steve King, R-Iowa, Steve Stockman, R-Texas, and Michele Bachmann, R-Minn., on Wednesday night to rally opponents to mobilize for the August recess.Beck said there were 40,000 people on the call."Obviously, they've got all of this money and all of these organizations and everything else, but we've got over 2 million members. We're in every district," Beck said. "And they've got a tough road to hoe. They've got to change representatives' minds. We're more in a situation of needing to hold people. It's always better to try to hold people to a position."GOP leaders said Republicans are looking forward to facing voters on the issue."Our members will be well-prepared to talk with constituents about this important issue," said Nate Hodson, a spokesman for Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, R-Wash., chairwoman of the House Republican Conference.House committees have passed five immigration-related bills that focus on enhancing border security, providing visas for high-tech and agricultural workers and enhancing the ability of state and local law enforcement to enforce immigration laws.The Senate bill allows the nation's unauthorized immigrants to apply for U.S. citizenship, adds $46 billion to secure the border and revamps nearly every other portion of the nation's immigration laws.Supporters of an overhaul of immigration laws say House Republicans are focusing too much on border security and not on a pathway to citizenship for the nation's undocumented immigrants, which is a focus of the Senate plan.On Monday, Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is scheduled to give a pro-immigration speech at the premier of the film Documented, which was directed by Jose Antonio Vargas, an immigration activist. A group of religious leaders will take a bus tour through Republican districts in the Midwest.Clarissa Martinez of the National Council of La Raza, which supports legalization of all unauthorized immigrants, said a coalition of groups will host 360 different events in 52 congressional districts around the country during the recess.Meanwhile, some Republican donors and business groups will try to influence GOP members as well.Republicans for Immigration Reform, a group formed by former GOP Commerce secretary Carlos Gutierrez, sent a letter with other GOP donors this week to members of the House urging passage of a bill. Charlie Spies, a former fundraiser for Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney, said that was an attempt to add to the "grass-roots" approach by swaying members with their "grasstops" approach."We're going to focus on engagement with constituents and business leaders who have actual relationships with members," Spies said. "You won't see us busing people in to town halls."Republicans such as King say the border must be secured first before people in the USA illegally are offered citizenship. And some Tea Party affiliates plan to make sure representatives hear from the opponents to what they say is an "amnesty" for people who broke the law to be here."It's not a battle that we picked," said Tea Party Patriots co-founder Jenny Beth Martin, referring to her group's typical focus on government spending."It isn't an issue that was even on the front burner for us. But because of what the Senate has done and the House is now doing, it's something that we have to pay attention to."Martin said her group is working closely with NumbersUSA and others to hold rallies, attend town-hall-style forums and ensure that Republican members of Congress know the opposition they'll face if they support any kind of immigration reform they don't approve of."We've said all along that we're going to hold people accountable," Martin said. "We're holding them accountable."From Lone Star Project:...Greg Abbott served as the primary legal counsel to the State of Texas during the consideration of redistricting by the Legislature and defended the State’s redistricting plans in federal court. His efforts in redistricting have been nothing short of an embarrassing debacle.Abbott advised the Legislature to configure and adopt redistricting plans that the federal courts ruled to be in violation of the US Voting Rights Act. Two of the three redistricting plans were ruled to be drawn with discriminatory intent. Abbott has spent millions of dollars in Texas taxpayer funds to unsuccessfully defend redistricting plans that were unfair and illegal. Abbott’s actions go beyond partisanship to illustrate profound incompetence and open hostility to Hispanics, African Americans and other fair-minded Texans.Here is the entire court order: v.RICK PERRY, in his official capacity as Governor of the State of Texas;
JOHN STEEN, in his official capacity as Secretary of State of the State of Texas;
BOYD RICHIE, in his official capacity as Chair of the Texas Democratic Party;
and STEVE MUNISTERI, in his official capacity as Chair of the Republican Party of Texas.
DefendantsFINAL JUDGMENT
This Court previously ORDERED, ADJUDGED and DECREED:
that Plaintiffs’ request for declaratory relief was granted to the extent that Senate plan S100, the benchmark plan, violates the one-person, one-vote requirements of the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution and will not be used for any further elections;
that Plaintiffs’ request for injunctive relief was granted such that Senate plan S148, the 2011 enacted plan, has been permanently enjoined from implementation and no elections have been or will be held thereunder; and
that Plan S172, which was reviewed under the standard set forth in Perry v. Perez and restored district 10 to near benchmark configuration and remedied the constitutional infirmities being asserted by Plaintiffs, was to be used for the 2012 election.It is further ORDERED, ADJUDGED and DECREED:
that because (1) Plan S148 has been repealed, (2) Plaintiffs agree that Plan S172 does not violate the Voting Rights Act or the Constitution, and (3) Plaintiffs do not seek any further relief with regard to Plan S148, Plaintiffs’ remaining claims under § 2 of the Voting Rights Act and the Constitution are DISMISSED AS MOOT; and
that, as prevailing parties, Plaintiffs are awarded their reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.
Pursuant to Fed.R.Civ.P. 54(d)(2) and W.D. Tex. Rule CV-7(j), Plaintiffs may file their applications for attorneys’ fees and costs no later than twenty days after entry of judgment. If the application is opposed in whole or in part, a response in opposition shall be filed no later than ten days after the filing of the application.
SIGNED AND ENTERED this 4th day of September, 2013.It sounds like Goposaur Abbott was trying to implement the discriminatory redistricting plan DESPITE it's already having been ruled illegal. That should be a crime in and of itself. Disgusting.Sen. Davis, who heroically filibustered Texas' draconian abortion bill back in June, is looking more and more like a viable candidate for Texas governor. If I lived there, she would have my vote.
___P.S. Condolences to Sen. Wendy Davis, whose father passed away this morning.
http://www.wfaa.com/...Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) on Sunday called the Internal Revenue Service's singling out of conservative groups for extra scrutiny "absolutely chilling" and called on President Obama to condemn the effort."This is truly outrageous and it contributes to the profound distrust that the American people have in government," Collins, a moderate Republican, said on CNN's "State of the Union." "It is absolutely chilling that the IRS was singling out conservative groups for extra review, and I think it's very disappointing that the president hasn't personally condemned this and spoken out."The IRS apologized Friday for flagging groups seeking tax-exempt status with "tea party" or "patriot" in their names for extra attention. The official who oversees tax-exempt groups at the agency said the effort was not motivated by partisanship. White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Obama was "concerned" about the reported behavior "of a small number" of IRS employees."[Obama's] spokesman has said it should be investigated, but the president needs to make crystal clear that this is totally unacceptable in America," Collins said.Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Mich.) echoed Collins on "Fox News Sunday." The House Intelligence Committee chairman called for an external investigation into the matter, with congressional oversight."This should send a chill up your spine. This is something we cannot let stand. It needs to have a full investigation," Rogers said.An inspector general's report set to be released this week says IRS officials knew about the targeting of conservative groups as early as 2011, months before the agency's commissioner told Congress it wasn't taking place."I just don't buy that this was a couple of rogue IRS employees," Collins said. "After all, groups with 'progressive' in their names were not targeted similarly. There is the evidence that higher level supervisors were aware of this. And the IRS was not forthcoming in telling Congress about the problem."Rep. Adam Smith (D-Wash.) adopted a different tone. He said on "Fox News Sunday" the matter is "definitely worth looking into," but made clear that he is "not going to leap to conclusions based on initial reports." Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) said on NBC News's "Meet The Press" that she is "concerned" about the matter and that lawmakers "have to take a good look at it."The soon-to-be-released inspector general's report is sure to raise questions about the timing of the IRS's Friday apology. The report was prepared for the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, which requested an audit in 2011, as some conservative groups were voicing concerns.Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), the chairman of the Oversight Committee, said that the IRS's apology doesn't appear to be forthright."One of the most offensive parts is my committee ... instigated this investigation, got the IG to do the investigation. Before the IG's report comes to the public or to Congress as required by law, it's leaked by the IRS to try to spin the output. This mea culpa's not an honest one," Issa said on "Meet The Press."Issa said lawmakers need to review the report to ensure the IRS's targeting of certain groups doesn't happen again."This is something you have to institute changes to make sure it doesn't happen again. There has to be accountability for the people who did it. And quite frankly, up until a few days ago, there's got to be accountability for people who are telling lies about it being done," he said.-- Updated at 11:42 a.m.The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyAdvertisementSupported byBy Charles M. BlowOur 50 states seem to be united in name only.In fact, we seem to be increasingly becoming two countries under one flag: Liberal Land — coastal, urban and multicultural — separated by Conservative Country — Southern and Western, rural and racially homogeneous. (Other parts of the country are a bit of a mixed bag.)This has led to incredible and disturbing concentrations of power.As The New York Times reported after the election in November, more than two-thirds of the states are now under single-party control, meaning that one party has control of the governor’s office and has majorities in both legislative chambers.This is the highest level of such control since 1952. And Republicans have single-party control in nearly twice as many states as Democrats.This is having very real consequences on the ground, nowhere more clearly than on the subjects of voting rights and women’s reproductive rights.Almost all jurisdictions covered by Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 — the section that requires federal approval for any change in voting procedures and that the Supreme Court effectively voided last month — are in Republican-controlled states.So, many of those states have wasted no time following the court ruling to institute efforts to suppress the vote in the next election and beyond.Within two hours of the Supreme Court ruling, Texas announced that a voter identification law that the Department of Justice had blocked for two years because “Hispanic registered voters are more than twice as likely as non-Hispanic registered voters to lack such identification” would go into effect, along with a redistricting map passed in 2011 but blocked by a federal court.The department is trying to prevent those actions in Texas, but it’s unclear whether the state or the feds will prevail.Alabama, Mississippi and South Carolina have also moved forward with voter ID bills that had already passed but were being held up by the Justice Department. (Virginia has passed a bill that’s scheduled to go into effect next year.)And on Wednesday, a federal court gave Florida the go-ahead to resume its controversial voter purge by dismissing a case filed against the state that had been rendered moot by the Supreme Court decision.Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is not surprised by this flurry. She voted with the minority on the Voting Rights Act case, and she wrote in a strongly worded dissent: “The sad irony of today’s decision lies in its utter failure to grasp why the VRA has proved effective. The Court appears to believe that the VRA’s success in eliminating the specific devices extant in 1965 means that preclearance is no longer needed.” She continued, “With that belief, and the argument derived from it, history repeats itself.” History does appear to be doing just that. In an interview this week with The Associated Press, Ginsburg reiterated her displeasure with the court’s decision and her lack of surprise at what it has wrought, saying, “And one really could have predicted what was going to happen.” She added, “I didn’t want to be right, but sadly I am.” While Republicans may claim that voter ID laws are about the sanctity of the vote, Republican power brokers know they’re about much more: suppressing the votes of people likely to vote Democratic.Last week Rob Gleason, the Pennsylvania Republican Party chairman, discussed the effects of his state’s voter ID laws on last year’s presidential election, acknowledging to the Pennsylvania Cable Network: “We probably had a better election. Think about this: we cut Obama by 5 percent, which was big. A lot of people lost sight of that. He won — he beat McCain by 10 percent; he only beat Romney by 5 percent. I think that probably voter ID helped a bit in that.”And on women’s reproductive rights, as the Guttmacher Institute reported earlier this month, “In the first six months of 2013, states enacted 106 provisions related to reproductive health and rights.” The report continued, “Although initial momentum behind banning abortion early in pregnancy appears to have waned, states nonetheless adopted 43 restrictions on access to abortion, the second-highest number ever at the midyear mark and is as many as were enacted in all of 2012.”A substantial majority of the new restrictive measures — which include bans on abortion outside incredibly restrictive time frames (at six weeks after the woman’s last period in North Dakota), burdensome regulations on abortion clinics and providers, and forced ultrasounds — were enacted in states with Republican-controlled legislatures.These are just two issues among many in which the cleaving of this country is becoming an incontrovertible fact, as we drift back toward bifurcation. AdvertisementMichael Oppenheimer and Kevin Trenberth:The two of us have spent, in total, more than seven decades studying Earth’s climate, and we have joined hundreds of top climate scientists to summarize the state of knowledge for the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the World Climate Research Program and other science-based bodies. We believe that our views are representative of the 97 percent of climate scientists who agree that global warming is caused by humans. Legions of studies support the view that, left unabated, this warming will produce dangerous effects. (This commentary, like so much of our work, was a collaborative process, with input from leading climate scientists Julia Cole, Robert W. Corell, Jennifer Francis, Michael E. Mann, Jonathan Overpeck, Alan Robock, Richard C.J. Somerville and Ben Santer.)You would think that the government was listening in to the secrets of 200 million Americans from the reaction and the hyperbole being tossed about. And you would think that rather than a legal court order which is an inevitable consequence of legislation that we drafted and passed, something illegal had been discovered to the government’s shame.Dan Balz:The depth of the Republican deficit in the Electoral College was laid out in stark detail by independent analyst Rhodes Cook in his recent newsletter. Cook charts two eras in the modern history of presidential politics, one Republican and the other Democratic. Republicans dominated the period from 1968 until 1992. Democrats have been the dominant presidential party since then.But she has strayed from many in her party with her desire for expanded background checks and a ban on military-style weapons. As a lifelong educator, she always felt high-powered guns were too easily available, but "this event just galvanized that thinking for me."
"If the horror of this event -- seeing 20 innocent 6-year-olds be shot down by a crazed killer -- if that isn't enough to change a legislator's heart and mind and do what is right and needed, then I don't know what could change that person."Reuters:You can't fix that problem by "rebranding" the same platform or finding younger, less-white candidates to promote it. You definitely can't fix it by leaning into your failed policies and becoming more extreme.The solution is to change your ideology. And that's exactly what Republicans need to do.A proposed non-discrimination ordinance in San Antonio barring discrimination against LGBT people has been a source of considerable controversy as of late. Right-wing individuals and groups have predictably smeared the proposal and tried to whip up fear and make it out to be "anti-religion." And now, the plot thickens, as Republican Councilwoman Elisa Chan has been outed by a former staffer as an outright homophobe.James Stevens, who served as an aide to Chan, has resigned this week, but he's going out with a bang. Unbeknownst to Chan and the other staffers, he had recorded a private meeting from May 21 about the ordinance on his iPhone. What the recording reveals, other than the fact that Chan is an idiot and had some idiots working for her, is a rather appalling anti-gay conversation between Chan and her staffers. During the course of the conversation, one of her staffers brings up incest and bestiality and Chan herself calls homosexuality disgusting and says that gay people should not be allowed to adopt. Some pretty extreme homophobia on display.I'm going to embed the 15-minute recording below, which you should listen to if you have the stomach. But here are some of Chan's "gems" extracted by the San Antonio Express-News:“Can you guys come up with a draft?” she asks her aides. “Come up with draft with all the good, those arguments we talk as a speaking point, in terms of we’re addressing an issue that is not an issue. This is national politics again at the council level.“This is another layer of bureaucracy, that we have not heard any discrimination,” she continues. “And then add in the family value in there. … Maybe I’ll use the industries, that we have a trend, that is, maybe I’ll use we have water rates and CPS rates to worry about.”“Maybe what we can do, can we maybe throw some questionable confusions like, OK, this ‘transgender,’ because the definition is so broad…”







Chan's then-chief of policy Jeff Bazan is the one on the recording who warns that we're on a slippery slope toward incest and bestiality (how original, right?) and tells Chan to be a "culture warrior" on the issue. Well, he's now working for pro-gay Democrat Ron Nirenberg, who was just elected to the City Council, as his chief of staff. Can somebody say awkward? Bazan released the following statement yesterday:As for Chan, she acted as if she didn't know Stevens at first when confronted about the recording. Then she had this to say:Put this up as another reason you probably never want to eat dinner with the Cheney family on Thanksgiving. That is probably going to be one, er, interesting evening. (And I hope they're not going to be cooking anyone we know.)We liberals always knew modern conservatism was (literally) built on racial resentment, from the day the Republican Party accepted the Dixiecrats with open arms. But that brand is seeping into the broader mainstream. I keep going back to this GOP focus group in Ohio after the 2012 election, where young working-class white voters expressed dissatisfaction with President Barack Obama and the Democrats, but were just vicious in their assessment of the GOP:That's why you'll now see the bigots spend half their time arguing that they're not bigots and don't really hate gay people, it's just that they can't tolerate something consenting adults are doing so fuck them and their rights. See? It's not bigotry. It's just intolerance, which is totally different than bigotry!The mask is off the modern GOP, and all the whining and revisionism can't change the fact that America sees them for the hateful paranoid bigoted xenophobes that they are. And if that hurts their chances at winning elections? It just means that sometimes, there really is justice in this world.GOP gubbernatorial candidate Tom Pauken:Attorney general candidate Ken Paxton:We shall see if Texas demographics begin to reverse the tide of celebrated Republican dullardism that has turned state politicians into national laughingstocks. Republicans are highly devoted to making sure that doesn't happen, but I remain confident that at some point the party will elect someone to office who is so stone-cold stupid, such an obvious empty sack, such an impressive specimen of termite-riddled fencepost that the entire state shudders in embarrassment and begins to rethink their party lifestyle choice en masse. It would have to be someone meaner than Steve Stockman and dumber than Louie Gohmert and—well, I forget the third thing—but do not worry about that. Somewhere in Texas there is a very drunk and bitter man sleeping it off under a church pew who fits all those requirements and then some. Get to it, Republicans. Find that final mean, stupid, godbothering anti-science crank who can out-crook and under-whelm all the rest of them. It is your destiny.In this case, Rep. Tim Huelskamp (R-TheMatterWithKansas) is the sack, and he's tossing himself in the muddy river of the Washington Times because, presumably, it was the dumbest outlet he could find, with an anti-marriage-equality argument that only counts as an "argument" if you like your arguments dull, jingoistic, ankle-shallow, devoid of facts, devoid of logic and generally devoid of anything that would ever suggest the writer was a sentient, breathing thing. As we've seen at the Supreme Court, however, that's all the "argument" we're going to get. The same arguments about God Says So, the same assertion that marriage is reserved for "procreation only" in spite of that never, ever seeming to come up when any of the other non-procreating people sign their names on the courthouse forms, and the same general sense that it is the bigots and the god-botherers and the people who feel icky when thinking about other people living their damn lives in peace that are the true victims in all this, because how can America survive if the biggest assholes among us do not hold holy sway over the rest?All right, let's do this thing, or at least pieces of it. First off, the premise of the sack's argument is that "motherhood" is under attack. If there's any substantive argument to say so, hell if I can parse it out, but so sayeth the sack. That, and then some:I don't even want to go through all of Huelskamp's drivel; it's all just a collection of other people's most vapid thoughts, dumbed down, beaten up, then put in The Sack and tossed into op-ed form. It hurts. But the main argument, such as it is, is that if we let gay marriage take place then gay people are going to somehow god damn take our god damn children and raise them in god damn non-preferentially-biological households because god damn magic, and it would be better to not allow marriage equality at all than allow that. He's not even talking about "gay Americans should not adopt children", which would be at least something vaguely approaching the point he roughly purports to be orbiting around, he's saying that the Supreme Court recognizing same-sex relationships as existing things at all is an affront to "motherhood" and "God" and, sweet Jeebus, "apple pie."This. This is why I have come to thoroughly despise this entire debate. Because it is not earnest, it is not thoughtful, it is not anything but the tin-eared rantings of bigoted, dull-minded twerps who know they don't like same sex marriages being recognized, but can't rustle up so much as even the slightest actual, substantive non-God-says-so argument against the thing. God does not care what the tax status of same-sex couples is, nor do I expect the big guy on the cloud has a pressing interest in making sure a pair of people can't get hospital visitation or other legal rights if they don't have the proper combination of non-matching genitalia. Even if we were to all stipulate that a one-mom-one-dad family is better for the children than a one-mom or one-dad single-parent version in all cases, full stop, which itself is an implausible argument, you had at least better occupy yourself with explaining why you think a two-dad version has to be inferior to a single father, or a two-mom version worse than the single mom version, and not this damn generic high fructose corn syrup of arguments, this blanket assertion that if we somehow discriminate more it will result in unspecified magic in which we don't have single parents or foster homes or divorce or cheating spouses or broken homes or abusive parents or one bad traffic accident or teenage moms or Those Damn People Who Think Different From Me anymore.This is what happens when the last blowhards in an argument know they have lost. This is what happens when all sensible people have, at long last, moved on, leaving only the dim bulbs and the lard-for-brains and the burlap sacks of discount-grade asbestos to prop up the dying cause. You get people like this guy, droning on with mealy-mouthed phrases that mean nothing, mustered for an argument that doesn't even make any internal sense, mustered because the only people left on the loser's side of the debate are people who do not give a damn whether their arguments make any sense, and all regurgitated up by whatever die-hard friendly rag has not yet evolved sufficient shame to know how silly it all looks. I will be very, very glad when these people evolve that sense of shame. Anytime now, please.A bill banning workplace discrimination against gay and transgender people has passed a critical test of support in the US Senate, 17 years after a similar bill failed by a single vote.The Democratic-led Senate voted 61-30 to open debate on the legislation, with several Republicans backing it.The bill is expected to win final Senate passage as early as this week.The White House strongly supports the measure, but its future in the Republican-led House remains unclear.The Senate rejected comparable legislation by one vote in 1996.But on Monday, the Employment Non-Discrimination Act, or Enda, received bipartisan support and reached the 60-vote threshold  necessary to overcome a procedural roadblock set up by Republican opponents.In the House of Representatives, Speaker John Boehner, a Republican, has voiced opposition to the bill, saying it could lead to lawsuits and hinder job creation.The proposed legislation bars employers with 15 or more workers from making employment decisions - hiring, firing or compensation - based on sexual orientation or gender identity. President Barack Obama has publicly voiced his support for the measure, three years after Congress lifted the ban on gays serving openly in the US military, and months after the US Supreme Court struck down a federal law banning federal recognition of same-sex marriage."Americans ought to be judged by one thing only in their workplaces: their ability to get their jobs done,'' Mr Obama told the Huffington Post."Does it make a difference if the fire-fighter who rescues you is gay, or the accountant who does your taxes or the mechanic who fixes your car?"Why so many US homeless are LGBT peopleNew Jersey gay marriage ban liftedPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'9Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.WASHINGTON — Republican Sen. Rob Portman said Thursday that he now supports gay marriage — a surprise turnabout on a hot-button social issue, sparked by a deeply personal reflection that began two years ago after Portman's son, Will, told him that he is gay."It's a change of heart from the position of a father," Portman told three Ohio reporters on Thursday during a 45-minute interview in his office. "I think we should be allowing gay couples the joy and stability of marriage."Portman's endorsement of gay marriage makes him the only sitting Republican senator to hold that position. But it comes at a time when public attitudes are shifting quickly on the issue, and more and more states are sanctioning gay marriage.Ohio's junior senator outlined his position in the interview, and in an op-ed that appears Friday in The Columbus Dispatch."I have come to believe that if two people are prepared to make a lifetime commitment to love and care for each other in good times and bad, the government shouldn't deny them the opportunity to get married," Portman writes in the op-ed. "This isn't how I've always felt."Portman said his own evolution on the issue began in 2011, when Will, then a freshman at Yale University, made a stunning revelation."Will … came to Jane and me and announced that he was gay, that it was not a choice. It was who he is and he had been that way since he could remember," Portman recalled of the conversation. "Jane and I were both surprised, very surprised, but also very supportive of him. Our reaction was not about policy or positions. It was about him as a son and letting him know we were 110% supportive of him."His son's homosexuality "allowed me to think about this issue from a new perspective, and that's as a dad who loves his son a lot," Portman said. He said he wants Will to have the same chance at an enduring relationship, "like Jane and I have had for over 26 years."Portman — who until now said marriage should only be between a man and a woman — said it took him "a while" to make the political shift and "get comfortable" supporting gay marriage.Portman was among those who, as a member of the House in 1996, voted in favor of the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), which defines marriage as between a man and a woman and bars federal recognition of same-sex marriage. It also says states can't be forced to recognize a same-sex marriage performed in another state. Portman also voted in favor of a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage when he was in the House."Rob believes marriage is a sacred bond between one man and one woman," Portman's spokesman told The Cincinnati Enquirer in 2011. At the time, Portman was the target of a protest by University of Michigan Law School students. He had been invited to deliver the school's commencement address, but nearly 300 students, angry about Portman's opposition to gay rights, asked the school to revoke the invitation.On Thursday, Portman said he would like to see Congress repeal the provision of DOMA that bans federal recognition of same-sex marriage, although he still supports the part of the law that says states should not be forced to recognize same-sex marriages."I'm of the view that the states ought to be deciding this issue, and frankly that's happening increasingly," Portman said.Portman, who is Methodist, said he did not come to this new position easily or quickly. He talked to his pastor and other religious leaders. He talked to his family, friends, and political allies. He talked to those who support gay marriage, including former vice president Dick Cheney — as well as those who do not, including Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky."I have had a process and a journey," he said. "I've done a lot of reading. I've done a lot of talking to folks."Asked whether he would support overturning Ohio's state ban on same-sex marriage if it comes up in a voter referendum, Portman said yes."I'm going to be supportive of Ohioans having the opportunity to marry," he said. "I would not plan to take a leadership role in this, but people will know my position."Other Republicans have similarly embraced same-sex marriage. For example, more than 80 prominent Republicans — including ex-governors, former members of Congress and veterans of the George W. Bush administration — are planning to file a "friend of the court" brief asking the U.S. Supreme Court to strike down California's Proposition 8, which banned same-sex marriage.The signers include former governors Jon Huntsman of Utah, Christine Todd Whitman of New Jersey, and William Weld of Massachusetts.But many Republicans in Congress, including House Speaker John Boehner, remain fiercely opposed to same-sex marriage. And the issue ignites strong passions among social conservatives, a key base for Portman in Ohio.Portman said Will, who is now 21, nudged him to change his views and wanted him to publicly declare his support for gay marriage. "He hasn't pushed me, but he's been encouraging, and he's been very much involved," he said.Portman said his previous views on marriage were rooted in his faith. But "the overriding message of love and compassion that I take from the Bible . . . and the fact that I believe we are all created by our maker . . . that has all influenced me in terms of my change on this issue," he said.Portman said he concluded that marriage as an institution would be strengthened by allowing gay couples to wed."When two people make a commitment to one another, it can actually enhance the institution of marriage," he said.Even as he endorsed same-sex marriage, Portman said this would not suddenly become a top legislative priority for him. He has no plans, for example, to introduce legislation to repeal elements of DOMA or take on any other gay rights issues."I'm kind of an economic policy wonk," he said. "That's how I got into this business. That's been my priority and my focus, and it will continue to be."Portman said he wanted to announce his position now, in part because the Supreme Court will hear arguments on DOMA later this month."I felt it was important to let my constituents know where I stand because these court cases are going to encourage members of the media to ask senators and House members what their position is," Portman said, adding that he wanted "to do this before the politics of these court decisions . . . makes it more difficult maybe to have an honest discussion."Portman said he's told some of his Republican colleagues about his shift and all of them have been very "respectful" of his decision, even if they don't agree.He consulted Cheney, whose daughter is gay, about the issue last weekend, when they were both attending a conference. "His advice was 'Do the right thing. Follow your heart,' " Portman said.Asked how this might affect his political career, Portman, who has been touted as a possible 2016 presidential candidate, said he had no idea."That has nothing to do with my decision," he said. "This was personally and family initiated, and then it was a process of carefully thinking through the issue."Nothing “Duck Dynasty” patriarch Phil Robertson said was anything close to anti-gay. It might have been characteristically blunt, but Robertson neither singled out homosexuals nor questioned the humanity of gay people. Robertson focused on sexual behavior, including the sexual behavior of heterosexuals. The major media are merely using Robertson’s quotes to advance their own anti-Christian bigotry by smearing Christian beliefs as de facto bigotry and launching a McCarthyist campaign to silence Christians. When you have major media outlets declaratively describing Robertson’s expression of his Christian beliefs as “anti-gay,” what you are really seeing is major media outlets outing themselves as anti-Christian. Politico. CNN. The Hollywood Reporter. Entertainment Weekly. Yahoo. Variety. And so on…Robertson listed more than a half-dozen sins other than homosexual behavior, including a number of heterosexual behaviors, and “the greedy, the drunkards, the slanderers, the swindlers”. It is certainly possible to try to disguise anti-gay bigotry as Christianity. Singling out gay people and not distinguishing between homosexuals as people and homosexual behavior are two of the most glaring examples. But Robertson did neither. What he did do was to speak a Christian truth about various sins, and the media know this. Anti-sin is not anti-gay. But because the media and left are desperate to toxify Christianity as bigotry and bully Christians into silence, Robertson’s remarks are seen as the perfect opportunity to do both. Of course it is an added benefit to the media to try to tarnish a culturally conservative mega-hit, and maybe drive it off the air. What we have here is nothing more than the media practicing McCarthyism and disguising it as tolerance. Notice how the media are not reporting on the most important thing Robertson said:You put in your article that the Robertson family really believes strongly that if the human race loved each other and they loved God, we would just be better off. We ought to just be repentant, turn to God, and let’s get on with it, and everything will turn around.Governor Sarah Palin put this exactly right when she said this is an attack on “all of us.”  This post has been updated to add a correct Robertson quote about loving the human race.  Follow  John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC               MediaVarietyYahoo.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
I’m sorry, did I miss something?Is Hillary Clinton, the Democrats’ presumptive 2016
presidential nominee, just now coming out now in support of gay marriage? How weird.How is it possible that Sen. Rob Portman, a Republican
stalwart who hails from the most conservative  part of Ohio, beat her to
the punch last week? 
The gay marriage issue is just turning this world upside
down.As the U.S. Supreme Court considers whether to overturn
California’s law against gay marriage and the federal Defense of Marriage Act,
every influential voice matters.  Certainly, the justices are not immune to the pull of
history. They undoubtedly know that in the last 10 years, support for
legalizing gay marriage has leapt. In the most recent ABC News/Washington Post
poll, http://www.langerresearch.com/uploads/1147a5GayMarriage.pdf
58% support it, vs. 37% a decade ago. President Obama has been out in favor of gay marriage for
months, so it’s not as if the issue’s embrace by another high-profile liberal
is going to make a difference to the justices. And Hillary can’t even
be said to be a leader in her own family; both her husband, Bill, and daughter,
Chelsea, are on record supporting gay marriage. Was anyone, anywhere holding
his or her breath that Hillary would not support gay marriage?By contrast, if you want to talk about courage, if you want
to know who really put something on the line to support gay marriage, talk
about Portman, a man whose anti-gay marriage cred is nothing short of
impeccable. He was a cosponsor of the federal Defense of Marriage Act and has
long espoused the idea that heterosexual-only marriage is a core value.You can tick right down through the Republican platform and
find virtually nothing with which this man disagrees. His party loyalty is one of
the main reasons -- besides being a native of a swing state -- that Mitt Romney
came close to choosing him as his running mate last year. This is a man who
simply does not color outside the political lines.Until now.Two years ago, his oldest child, Will, told his parents, Rob
and Jane, that he is gay. And that it was not a choice. In an op-ed for the
Columbus Dispatch, Portman said he had decided to support gay marriage because of Will, who
is now a freshman at Yale. “Ronald Reagan said all great change in America begins
at the dinner table, and that’s been the case in my family,” wrote Portman.
“With the overwhelming majority of young people in support of allowing gay
couples to marry, in some respects the issue has become more generational than
partisan.'Portman, a freshman senator who is up for reelection in
2016, is the only Republican in the Senate who supports gay marriage.Despite surveys showing increasing support
in the U.S. for gay marriage, Ohio conservatives have clung to the
fact that in 2004, a constitutional amendment banning gay marriage passed in
their state with 62% of the vote.The chairman of the Ohio Republican Party has said publicly
the party will stand by Portman. Closer to Portman’s home in Cincinnati,
Hamilton County GOP Chairman Alex Triantafilou said many younger
Republicans are excited, but “a very vocal group of strong social
conservatives” has made its displeasure known.“Rob is so beloved here and so respected that he’s getting a
lot of personal support,” said Triantafilou. “I don’t know that he will lead a
revolution on this topic right away, though.”Indeed. “It’s gonna cost him his seat,” predicted Phil
Burress, president of Citizens for Community Values, a conservative evangelical
group. Burress told me Monday that Portman, a good friend for decades, called
him to share his change of heart about gay marriage the night before he went
public. Portman started off by saying he had “some bad news” and
sounded depressed, said Burress, who “nearly dropped the phone” when Portman
told him the reason for his call.
Portman told Burress, and reiterated in his op-ed piece,
that he believes the issue of gay marriage should be left to the states. He
told Burress he would not campaign in favor of gay marriage.“He said he would not go public to try to sway the court,”
said Burress. “It was almost like he didn’t want to do this.”The idea that a child’s homosexuality could sway a senator
into support for gay marriage, said Burress, is unthinkable. “As a sitting U.S. senator, you do not change your values based on one child in your family.” And yet, that’s exactly what Portman has done, like so many
other parents, relatives and friends of gay people before him. Only
most of them have not put their careers on the line to do the right thing. -- Robin AbcarianRobin Abcarian is a Times columnist.Earlier:CNN blew it in coverage of Ohio rape case.Twitter: @robinabcarian Email: robin.abcarian@latimes.comPhoto: A same-sex marriage proponent 
holds a gay marriage pride flag in front of the Supreme Court in 
Washington in November. Credit: Chip Somodevilla / Getty ImagesIn this new, miserably depressing story on Dwyer, he cites two things as the reasons for the "increased" drinking that culminated in his crash with another boat, causing him multiple injuries and fracturing the skull of a five-year-old girl. The first is his 2011 separation from his wife. The second is the pressure of being in the legislature, but more specifically, that time other legislators "betrayed" him by not being sufficiently anti-gay-marriage themselves:Kach, a Republican from Baltimore County, and Alston, a former Democrat from Prince George’s County, voted against the bill in committee. But Kach changed his vote after hearing testimony from gay couples. Alston shifted her vote after her amendment was adopted.Kach and Costa, of Deale, were the only two House Republicans to vote for the bill. It passed the House by two votes in  February.“I had no time to do anything,” Dwyer said. “Had I known earlier, I could have taken some action.”It was petitioned to the November ballot and passed by 52 percent of voters state wide. Voters in Dwyer’s district, however, rejected it.“That betrayal really affected me,” he said. “I was physically ill. You pour your heart into an issue like that and it’s devastating.”He said his drinking culminated in the crash.In the wake of the crash, Dwyer did not resign as any decent person might, instead gaudily announcing he needs to stay put to "defend individual liberty against unconstitutional laws," but he does admit he needs to rebuild "trust" with voters. I don't know that voters should be keen on reelecting someone whose past reaction to other people being insufficiently anti-gay was to booze up and nearly get some people killed, but I am not from Maryland, I am not a Republican voter, and Dwyer seems confident that all will be forgiven, allowing him to get back to expressing his obsessively anti-gay frustrations in some hopefully less child-skull-fracturing ways.And that, ladies and gentlemen, is what it means to be an American religious conservative.WASHINGTON -- Sen. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska has endorsed same-sex marriage, becoming the third Republican senator to do so.In a statement posted Wednesday on her website, Murkowski said supporting same-sex marriage is consistent with her values as a "lifelong Republican" who believes in "promoting freedom and limiting the reach of government.""I support the right of all Americans to marry the person they love and choose because I believe doing so promotes both values: it keeps politicians out of the most private and personal aspects of people's lives -- while also encouraging more families to form and more adults to make a lifetime commitment to one another," she said.Murkowski joins Republican Sens. Rob Portman of Ohio and Mark Kirk of Illinois to voice support for the right of same-sex couples to marry. The highly charged issue is taking on new importance as the Supreme Court considers two cases dealing with gay marriage.The justices, who are trying to complete work this month before their summer break, could rule as early as Thursday on California's gay marriage ban and the federal Defense of Marriage Act.The Human Rights Campaign, a gay rights advocacy group, praised Murkowski, who had said earlier this year that her views on gay marriage were "evolving.""Senator Murkowski's courageous and principled announcement today sends a clear message that marriage equality must come to all 50 state in this country," said Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign. "As the Supreme Court prepares to rule in two landmark marriage cases this month, a growing bipartisan coalition is standing up for the right of all couples to marry -- and there is no turning back that tide."Several senators, who were previously opposed or on the fence, issued statements supporting gay marriage in March as the court heard arguments in the two marriage lawsuits.In her statement, Murkowski said she was influenced in part by an Alaskan family headed by two lesbians who have adopted four siblings to give them a home together. "This first-class Alaskan family still lives a second-class existence," she wrote.Murkowski, who is Catholic, said she believes religious institutions should have the right to define marriage on their own terms. But she is clear about the government's role."Churches must be allowed to define marriage and conduct ceremonies according to their rules," she said, "but the government should not tell people who they have a right to marry through a civil ceremony."Follow @ccamia on Twitter.Oh man. Have I mentioned that I love Zach Wahls?If you don't know who Wahls is, he's the founder of Scouts for Equality, the primary group that has been pressuring the Boy Scouts of America to rescind its discriminatory ban on gay Scouts and Scouters. He himself is an Eagle Scout from Iowa who has two moms. You might remember him from this amazing video, in which he speaks about his family:
He really is quite the incredible young man, and Scouts for Equality is performing such a vitally important role in the fight to end discrimination within the Boy Scouts.Well, Wahls was recently on CNN to "debate" Ed Whelan, a Scouting parent and the president of the Ethics and Public Policy Center who wrote an op-ed for the New York Post last week with the following homophobic garbage in response to the BSA's apparent openness to reconsider its policy:Nearly every parent, I think, would recognize the folly, even though the men might well be models of good behavior. Why should our common-sense response be any different if the 15-year-old is a boy and the possible, even if not-likely-to-be-acted-on, sexual attraction of the adult supervisors is homosexual rather than heterosexual?The "debate" really speaks for itself. There's not much to add, except that this homophobe got his ass handed to him by Wahls and walked away from the segment looking like a complete jackass. Watch and enjoy:




For those who can't watch, here's a transcript:Whelan: Not at all. In fact, I think the example I give indicates exactly the opposite. Look, what's at issue here is that we have an organization that has long stood in defense of traditional, American, moral values, and it's attracted supporters and parents from churches precisely because it has stood in defense of those values. The Supreme Court has held that the Boy Scouts have a First Amendment constitutional right to pursue their values and to exclude leaders whose presence would be inconsistent with those values. That includes, by the way, not just gays, but atheists. Now, we can respect, and we do respect, our fellow citizens who are gays or atheists. We love our relatives or friends who are gays or atheists. But we are not obligated to regard them as suitable to be Scout leaders.Host: Hm. All right, well let me ask Zach to weigh in here. Zach?Wahls: Yeah, I think it's interesting that Ed is going to this, you know, traditional, moral values framework. I think what he is trying to do is define this as some particular biblical, literal, fundamentalist tradition that has become popular in the U.S. over the last forty years. The reality is that there are Christians of all different denominations who are applauding the BSA for this proposed policy change, including the United Church of Christ, one of the BSA's top eight church sponsors, which on Friday issued a statement saying, "The ban is inconsistent with the values of dignity and respect which serve as the foundation of the Scouting program," and we couldn't agree more. Even though Ed may be talking about respect, respect for him is a one-way street. Nobody is calling for the exclusion of Baptists or Mormons or Catholics or, frankly, anybody who even holds Ed's point of view. What we're trying to say is that Scouts should be an inclusive program experiencing, you know, a large amount of inclusivity because we believe in the values that constitute the program.Host: Let me ask you about this woman, Ed--Jennifer Tyrell. She was kicked out of the Scouts. She is a lesbian mom who was a den leader for her son. Is she a threat?Whelan: Look, the question here is whether a private organization can have its own standards for for its leaders.Host: But answer that question first, if you will. Is she a threat?Whelan: I don't know this particular woman. How could I possibly judge whether she's a threat? The fact of the matter is that organizations have all sorts of general rules that they adopt because the rules are sensible, and we don't have to defend every single application of every particular rule. The problem here is that the Boy Scouts, if they adopt this notion that different troops can have different policies, it's completely unworkable, it's going to invite legal attacks on the troops that maintain the traditional policies, and Zach and his cohorts are not going to call a peace truce. They're going to realize that the Boy Scouts can be intimidated, and they're going to continue to intimidate them, and this is an unstable stopping point--it's just a path to further surrender.Wahls: Speaking as an Eagle Scout and somebody who actually spent twelve years in the organization, I simply have to disagree. We're appealing to the traditional values that have been a part of the Boy Scouts from their very inception in 1903, and I feel that, moving forward, this is going to be a part of the program that is fostering inclusiveness, and applying the values and the lifelong principles of the Boy Scouts to the entire, you know, population of young American men, not just those who happen to be straight. And further, on your point of whether or not this is something that is an unworkable legal solution, on a national call with the key three of the Boy Scouts earlier this week, the president of the board said, "With the current ban in place, we don't want to find ourselves in a position in which a judge is telling us that we need to expand our policy even further than we're going here." So even though you might be, you know, looking at this in one specific way, the BSA certainly isn't taking that position at all.Host: Ed, let me ask you, because I know you mentioned this change in policy would deprive the troops of protection. Protection from what? What do they need protection from?Whelan: They need protection from legal challenges to their decision to exclude gay leaders. The national Supreme Court organization won that victory thirteen years ago. They're throwing it away in a way that would expose local troops and volunteer leaders to lawsuits by activists like Zach.Host: Would you want your son to be in the Scouts if he was gay?Whelan: [long pause] Uh, I think a question like that directed at my son is a rude question, but let me answer it this way. I would not have put my son in a troop with an openly gay leader or an openly atheist leader. And lots and lots of other parents, the most vibrant part of the Boy Scouts, feel the same. So Zach can cite, you know, one liberal denomination that is satisfied with this proposal. There are plenty of other folks who aren't, and I think the Boy Scouts--Wahls: That's an interesting point--Whelan: Please let me finish. This, I think, would be an epic failure in leadership if they were to cave to the financial pressure that Zach and others are putting on them. This isn't a decision being made on the merits--this is a decision that is being made in the face of financial pressure, the almighty buck, and what sort of lesson is it to Scouts that the national organization would cave because of financial pressure rather than adhere to principle?Host: Let me let Zach jump in here with the final word.Wahls: I mean, yeah, to be clear, it's not just the UCC that has weighed in. Currently, the Mormon Church and Catholic Church, hardly denominations known for their liberal stances, have both declined to comment. Only the Baptists--Whelan: [angrily] They're not going to approve this! Don't you dare suggest they're going to approve this!Host: Ed, let Zach finish.Wahls: No, I mean, the point is simply that, while there may be some who are, you know, very opposed to this policy position, there is a vast difference between being opposed to gay marriage and opposing the enrichment and development of young men because they happen to be not straight. So while I think Ed's position is, you know, certainly one that I will respect, and we're not going to remove his son from the program, I think he should understanding that Scouts is about respecting the opinions of all the people who want to be members, not just some.Whelan: You're not respecting it, you're trying to--Host: Appreciate your time. Appreciate both of you discussing this this morning. Thank you.I'll say it again: I love Zach Wahls. I think our ol' pal Ed realizes he's on the losing side of this, and he's losing a good amount of sweat over this. Even if the BSA doesn't change its policy this time around, the time is coming, and probably very soon. Be scared, Ed. Be scared.“If Jesus were alive today, he would be more inclined to say, ‘you know, I didn’t know it all…'” – Rev. Oliver White, Sean Hannity Show, March 27, 2013In general, most news outlets have provided awful coverage of the Supreme Court proceedings on same-sex marriage.  Covering the proceedings like they cover a political campaign or a sporting event, most of the analysis and commentary has been about political “wins” for one side or the other and the ramifications of the pending decision on homosexuals in our society, rather than the wide-ranging ramifications for society itself.  Filling the void of thoughtful analysis has been talk radio.  Unlike the vapid and two-dimensional conversations repeated every ten minutes on cable, talk radio has been able to explore larger questions entwined in the same-sex marriage debate and have been able to challenge the politically correct orthodoxy presented in other media outlets where it comes to the religious side of the issue.  Enter Sean Hannity whose Wednesday show featured a fascinating exchange with Terry Jeffrey, a news editor from CNS News Service, and Rev. Oliver White, a pro-same sex marriage pastor.   Because Hannity is not constrained by the limitations of a TV news schedule and the need to change subjects every 5 minutes, as is so often the case on cable news, he was able to allow the on-air debate over the scriptural basis for marriage to naturally unfold to the point where the lack of scriptural foundation for same-sex marriage was laughingly evident.  This exchange in particular was the most glaringly infuriating as White, a proponent of same-sex marriage who angered his own congregation recently because of his adamant belief that Christianity supports such a practice, went so far as to agree that Jesus Christ was wrong about His position on marriage being defined as one man and one woman, and if Jesus were alive today he would, in fact, support gay marriage.  In this segment, the good minister is quizzed further on his unique and ever-morphing interpretation of scripture by Hannity and it’s revealed for the audience that his understanding of sin and morality is quite pliable and able to bend to meet any modern need:  Finally, Rev. White is able to admit that he does draw moral lines with regard to sexuality, but those lines are rooted less in God’s law but in the current popular practices of the times we live in:  This is the kind of exchange, full of thoughtful and challenging questions that force the guests and the listener to re-examine what they believe and what they espouse can only happen in a medium like talk radio and new media where hosts are able to take positions and not pretend to be objective. We know there is no real objectivity when Don Lemon or Anderson Cooper are conducting an interview on this topic. Cooper would probably never have Rev. White on in the first place, because he would make the pro-same sex marriage side look bad.  And, if he did have a minister on to discuss the biblical basis for same-sex unions, there is no chance that Don Lemon would be able to pose questions for their guest in the way that Hannity and Jeffry did.   In general cable and network news have not served the public interest in exploring these complicated and important issues because, in many cases, the hosts and anchors assigned to the topic are just not equipped or are completely unwilling to have both sides of the issue get a fair and through hearing.  Congratulations to Sean Hannity for taking advantage of his medium and shedding light on an angle of this story that’s been neglected by his TV counterparts. MediaDon LemonSupreme CourtUnions.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartSame-sex marriages can continue in Utah, a federal appeals court ruled Tuesday.The Denver-based 10th U.S. Circuit Court rejected the state's request to halt the issuance of licences until the appeals process concludes.The Utah attorney general's office said it was "disappointed" by the court's refusal to issue a stay and would appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday morning. Justice Sonia Sotomayor is assigned to oversee the 10th Circuit, the Salt Lake Tribunenotes.U.S. District Judge Richard Shelby struck down the state's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage Friday, saying it violated the constitutional rights of gay and lesbian couples. Monday, he refused to stop county clerks from issuing licences.So far, about 700 same-sex couples have received marriage licences, most around Salt Lake City, headquarters of the Mormon church.Utah is the 18th state where same-sex couples can legally marry, something voters thought they had outlawed in 2004.Nearly two-thirds of the state's 2.8 million residents belong to The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, which deeply opposes homosexuality and same-sex marriage."Until the final word has been spoken by this Court or the Supreme Court on the constitutionality of Utah's marriage laws, Utah should not be required to enforce Judge Shelby's view of a new and fundamentally different definition of marriage," the state said in a motion to the appeals court.Gov. Gary Herbert's office directed state agencies Tuesday afternoon to comply with Shelby's ruling or consult the Utah attorney general if there were conflicts with local rules.The Utah Department of Workforce Services, which administers food stamps, welfare and related benefit programs, is recognizing the marriages of gay couples when they apply, a spokesman told the Associated Press on Tuesday.But at least one county — the state's second largest — was refusing to issue same-sex licences."Until I receive further information, the Utah County clerk's office will not be making any policy changes in regards to which we issue marriage licenses," Utah County Clerk Bryan Thompson said in a statement.A lesbian couple plans to sue the county after a staffer slammed the door in their faces as they tried to get a marriage license Monday.JACKSON, Miss. -- Mississippi stands to be caught in the crossfire of what could be one of the most high-profile cases since Brown v. Board of Education, the landmark 1954 Supreme Court ruling that ended segregation. The issue: gay marriage. Any day now the U.S. Supreme Court will issue rulings on two cases, one determining states' rights to define marriage and the other questioning the role of the federal government in recognizing same-sex unions.And while Mississippians answered the question of gay marriage in 2004 by overwhelmingly approving a state constitutional amendment banning the practice, the aftershock of the Supreme Court rulings on California's Proposition 8 and the federal Defense of Marriage Act could weaken or obliterate the state's stance on the issue.Or the nation's high court could reaffirm what Mississippi and 30 other states already have done in passing the bans.Which way the typically 5-4 split court is leaning is anybody's guess.Three Mississippi couples explain their experiences.Leslie & Cheryl: A life of laughter, loveThe story of Leslie Criss and Cheryl Sproles began decades ago when a neighborly gesture formed a friendship that would last forever.They didn't know the chance encounter would end with a happily ever after. But then again, who sees Cupid's arrow before it hits?A few decades ago Criss was home for the summer from college visiting her family in Brookhaven, Miss. The Criss clan had just moved to the area, and there was concern that Criss' younger sister, Beth, wouldn't know anyone at school.Family friends hatched a plan. Sproles would go meet Beth and befriend her, ensuring she didn't start the new academic year at the local school without any friends."She knocks on the door and my sister and I – both shy girls – answer the door where she says, 'Hi I'm Cheryl Sproles. I'm the most popular girl in town, and I'm here to be your friend,' " said Criss.There were no fireworks, no pledges of undying love, no Pavarotti playing in the background. The shy girl and the popular girl became friends and nothing more.As the years passed, the friendship remained intact. Criss spent time in Los Angeles, a move she said she felt she needed to get out of her system. Sproles moved to New York City to pursue acting. Life happened and the two went right along with it.Eventually, both of their paths led them back to Mississippi.When she was 39, Criss said she admitted something to herself that she spent a lifetime denying."I knew when I was a third-grader, a shy, scared third-grader, I knew that something was different about me," Criss said. "But I knew instinctively that whatever made me know I was different was something that I should shove deep inside and never talk about."A conversation with an Episcopalian minister in Corinth, Miss., was her next step, she said. "It was the most freeing, empowering moment of my life."Meanwhile, Sproles had her own personal journey to find herself."With me, I didn't have any idea," she said. "I guess some people know it in the third grade. I was living in New York. I knew it was a lifestyle or something, (but) being raised in the Baptist Church, it was not a possibility."When I moved to New York and was introduced to different faiths and different people, it was just kind of eye-opening," Sproles said. "I don't want to make it sound like New York made me realize I was gay, but I had an intern and she said she had a crush on me and I had all these feelings happen."Nearly six years ago, Criss was at her job with the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal in Tupelo, a job she still holds.Sproles had suffered a stroke a year before that, eventually selling her business in Jackson and starting her recovery. One day, while driving through Tupelo, Sproles said she looked up her old friend."I asked her out to lunch," Sproles said. "And we've been together pretty much ever since."Sproles moved to Tupelo. About a year later, the couple held a commitment ceremony.It was an experience Criss thought she'd never have.But there they were, surrounded by family in a small ceremony that announced their intentions to live life to the fullest with each other."I have never laughed as much as I have the last six years," Criss said. "We've had some sad times, too.""Yeah, we have," Sproles said.Nowadays, the self-diagnosed shy Criss has an infectious grin on her face. The woman who had been content sitting in the audience stood on a theater stage during a recent production of "To Kill A Mockingbird," an idea encouraged by her theatrical partner.And Sproles, a woman who has a million faces and hilarious quips, pauses from time to time to stare lovingly at the woman who anchors her life while keeping her free spirit intact.It's the work of each woman, wives in everything but name only.Amelie & Sabrina: A proud familyNorth Mississippi can be described as one of the most conservative areas in one of the most conservative states. But for Amelie Hahn and Sabrina Mays, it's home.It's where the two met three years ago while working for the U.S. Census Bureau's big count. Mississippi — Houston, specifically — is where the couple held a commitment ceremony."She walked in and she wouldn't give me the time of day," said Hahn of the couple's first encounter. "I tried to talk to her, and she wouldn't speak to me, pay me any attention at all."At their first meeting, Hahn made paper footballs, flipping them in Mays' direction. It was a schoolyard attempt to get a crush to look up.Instead, Mays kept on texting, focusing her attention on her phone she was holding underneath the table.Hahn, however, wasn't going to give up.She looked around and found a softball league, choosing to get involved. Of course, it didn't hurt that Mays was a player.And sometime between whizzing paper footballs past Mays' head to throwing softballs around together, Hahn got the attention she wanted.She also got a partner.Mississippi is where the two hard-working moms raise their daughters, Haley, 14, and Jessa, 13.And it's also a place where the family sometimes feels the sting of disapproval."I don't like the dirty looks, I don't like that when we walk by people talk about me," Hahn said."Most of my friends are pretty cool about it," Jessa said. "I've never had anyone not be my friend because of it."There are a couple of friends whose parents don't allow their children to visit the Hahn-Mays house. "But that's their problem," Jessa said.Even with some of the stares, the family is determined to stay put. At least in some part of Mississippi."We're comfortable here," said Hahn, adding she and her family want to move to Jackson, a place she describes as being more open than Houston and closer to the hospital where they take Haley, a special needs child.In the meantime, the family will continue to make an example of themselves, a testament to their normalcy."What we're going to have to do is make our presence known and get people to see us as human beings because that's what we are, you know, we're a family just like any other family," Hahn said. "We get up in the morning, we eat breakfast, the kids go to school, she goes to work, I start my school work."And Hahn said her family is the reason she will stay and take a stand."If we leave, then that's one less couple to stand up and speak out."Eddie & Justin: A living exampleGrowing up gay in the South isn't easy for many members of the LGBT community, but the times, they are changing.Eddie Outlaw and Justin McPherson have carved out their own little piece of Jackson, the city where they have lived the last nine years. It's where their home is, their friends are and their business operates.McPherson said the evidence can be seen by younger Mississippians able to come out in high school, to openly discuss their sexuality with their parents."I will put my life out there as an example of what this looks like," said McPherson, 32. "It does get better."When he was coming out as a teenager, "it was real bad then, and it's done nothing but improve and will continue to improve.""I guess for a teenager looking at what's happening right now -- from (President Barack Obama) to most of the Democrats in the Senate saying they are for marriage equality and overturning (the Defense of Marriage Act), it sends a message," said Outlaw, 41.McPherson said he wants to show that by owning a business while being openly gay, that there is life after coming out."I know what it's like growing up in the South. Eddie knows what its like to grow up in the South," he said. "I want to be an example for them, for their parents.""Instead of a paso doble," said Outlaw, referring to a traditional Spanish dance, "we've settled into a slow, steady waltz. We found something that works for us." SPRINGFIELD — Gov. Pat Quinn on Wednesday put his signature on a historic measure making Illinois the 16th state to allow same-sex marriage, capping a 40-year push for gay rights that picked up major momentum during the past decade. Playing master of ceremonies during an hourlong event, the re-election-seeking Democratic governor slowly signed the bill with 100 pens that quickly became souvenirs. He did so at a desk shipped from Springfield that the administration said President Abraham Lincoln used to write his first inaugural address in 1861 — a speech on the cusp of the Civil War that called on Americans to heed "the better angels of our nature." But it was another Lincoln speech that Quinn referenced as he spoke to about 2,300 supporters gathered at the University of Illinois at Chicago. "In the very beginning of the Gettysburg Address, President Abraham Lincoln of Illinois said that our nation was conceived in liberty. And he said it's dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal, and that's really what we're celebrating today," he said. "It's a triumph of democracy." Signs were banned for security reasons, but attendees shared celebratory kisses and waved miniature rainbow flags featuring the outline of Illinois. Among the first in the door were Jan Arnold and Mary Anderson, of Oak Park, who brought their 8-year-old son to witness the bill-signing. The couple have been together for 15 years but said they got tired of waiting on Illinois to pass gay marriage and were legally married in Iowa in 2011. Their union now will be recognized in Illinois, which Anderson said will free her family from second-class status and means they no longer have to carry a "dossier" of legal paperwork to prove their relationship should an emergency occur. "We're finally safe and protected in our home state," Anderson said. "We'll have the same protections that our straight friends do." The bill-signing illustrated the rapidly changing views in Illinois and the nation on gay rights. Supporters first introduced an anti-discrimination bill in the legislature in 1974. It didn't became law until 2005. It took an additional six years for civil unions to be approved, but only about half that time for the gay marriage measure. Still, support for same-sex marriage is far from universal in Illinois. As politicians talked up the merits of gay marriage in Chicago, down in Springfield, a crowd gathered for an exorcism by the local Catholic bishop in protest of the governor's action. "It is not the church that must change to confirm its teachings to the views of the world, but it is each individual who is called to be configured to Christ," Bishop Thomas Paprocki said during a service delivered mostly in Latin. The new law changes the definition of marriage in Illinois from an act between a man and a woman to one between two people. Civil unions could be converted to marriages within a year of the law going on the books. About 6,500 applications for civil unions have been filed since 2011, with about 4,000 originating in Cook County. As it stands, the bill won't take effect until June 1, which is when the first marriage ceremonies could take place. That date falls on a Sunday, but officials with Cook County Clerk David Orr's office said they will be ready for what they expect to be a huge demand. That includes the possibility of providing special waivers so couples don't have to wait until the day after receiving wedding licenses before they can be married. The start date could be moved up under a measure backed by Sen. Don Harmon, a Democrat from Oak Park. If that bill is passed, gay marriage would go into effect immediately upon Quinn's signature. The measure could be called for a vote when lawmakers return to Springfield in the new year, though they face a light legislative schedule before the March 18 primary election. Harmon said he's weighing whether it's fair to ask his colleagues to take another tough vote so soon after voting for gay marriage, acknowledging that a later effective date was the trade-off for passing the proposal this fall because a delay in implementation meant just 60 House votes were needed to pass the bill instead of 71. But Harmon pointed to some gay advocates who died waiting for the right to marry, saying some people who want to take advantage of the new law might not be around in seven months. "I'd just hate to leave people poised on the precipice of equality be told they can't commit — yet," Harmon said. The lag time did little to dampen spirits Wednesday, as supporters noted just how far Illinois has come in supporting gay rights in a relatively short time. Casey Cameron, 38, who traveled from St. Elmo in southern Illinois, noted that just eight years ago gay people in Illinois were fighting for basic rights such as equal housing and employment opportunities. "It took a long time and a very tall mountain to get to that, and to finally see this is quite an amazing bit of accomplishment for the state," Cameron said. The celebratory tone was a marked departure from late May, when the legislation stalled in the House after first passing the Senate on Valentine's Day. Supporters funneled their disappointment into action, launching a summerlong lobbying blitz that was soon buoyed by a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that struck down the definition of marriage as between one man and one woman for the purpose of receiving federal benefits. That helped sway about a dozen lawmakers who spent much of the summer undecided. Another nudge came from powerful House Speaker Michael Madigan, who personally lobbied some members to vote for the bill. Madigan, who represents a Southwest Side district, also is chairman of the state Democratic Party. That means he controls the purse strings to large chests of campaign money that could be vital should one of his members face a primary challenge over their decision to vote in favor of gay marriage. On Wednesday, Madigan gave much of the credit to sponsoring Sen. Heather Steans and Rep. Greg Harris, both Chicago Democrats, who at one point faced protests from some gay rights advocates unhappy with the way Madigan was handling the bill. With Quinn's signature, Harris was able to shrug off much of those criticisms. "We're here to celebrate family, commitment, equality, love, courage and community," Harris said, before taking a dig at conservative opposition. "Marriage is a family value." Still, Harris and others noted that the bill would not have passed without the votes of three Republicans who broke ranks: Reps. Ed Sullivan of Mundelein, Ron Sandack of Downers Grove and Tom Cross of Oswego. "It takes both parties to make something happen, and when we work together, look what we can do," said Republican Comptroller Judy Baar Topinka. "I am available to be a flower girl, and I'll even waive the fee." Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle offered Topinka "kudos" before taking aim at the four Republican governor hopefuls. "I'd like to point out that none, none of the Republican candidates for governor have been willing to stand up on this issue," she said. Although the law would not force religious organizations to perform or host same-sex weddings, some faith groups contend it doesn't offer enough protections. They argue, for example, that they may be forced to provide health insurance to an employee's same-sex spouse. Further, they contend it offers little in the way of protections for wedding photographers, bakers or other service providers who could face legal action for refusing to work for gay couples. Supporters argue that the benefits of the law outweigh those concerns. Seth Hannan, 20, of Tremont in central Illinois, said the measure would give hope to gay teenagers facing adversity. "I grew up in a very small, conservative school district. I was the first out kid in my school district, and I was teased a lot for who I was," Hannan said. "(This) normalizes it, it makes it more of an accepted thing and that will filter into the rest of society, so in 10 years that boy who was like me in high school won't have an issue." Tribune reporter Ray Long contributed from Springfield. mcgarcia@tribune.com Twitter @moniquegarciaCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune As conservatives continue to grapple with how they -- and the Republican Party at large -- should handle the issue of gay marriage, some prominent voices are coming out to either endorse or condemn pushes for the movement to embrace same-sex nuptials. Among those personalities is former presidential candidate Rick Santorum.In an interview with the Des Moines Register, the politician said that embracing gay marriage would be "suicidal" for the party. The former senator also noted that some Republicans, like Sen. Mark Kirk of Illinois, and Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio, who have openly endorsed gay marriage are no different than those politicians who parted ideological ways from the party over the abortion issue in the 1960s and 1970s.Former GOP presidential candidate and former Sen. Rick Santorum (R-PA) (Photo: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)"I'm sure you could go back and read stories, oh, you know, 'The Republican party's going to change. This is the future.' Obviously that didn't happen," Santorum told the outlet. "I think you're going to see the same stories written now and it's not going to happen. The Republican party's not going to change on this issue. In my opinion it would be suicidal if it did."Santorum went on to note that speaking about how best to communicate messages is fine, but that transforming "foundational principles" is another story -- one that could prove problematic for the GOP."Just because some of those things happen to be popular right now doesn't mean the Republican party should follow suit," he noted.Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum gestures as he speaks at the 40th annual Conservative Political Action Conference in National Harbor, Md. on Friday, March 15, 2013. Credit: APAs far as the Supreme Court goes on the marriage front, Santorum believes that the nation's highest court won't follow the same pattern it embraced in deciding Roe v. Wade, the contentious abortion case that legalized the procedure back in 1973."I think you'll see, hopefully, a chastened Supreme Court is not going to make the same mistake in the (current) cases as they did in Roe v. Wade," he said. "I'm hopeful the Supreme Court learned its lesson about trying to predict where the American public is going on issues and trying to find rights in the Constitution that sit with the fancy of the day."The politician also said that the door for a presidential run in 2016 could be open, but that much consideration and contemplation still remains to be made.(H/T: Huffington Post)-Other Must-Read Stories:Can Average Citizens Really Save Lives in Active-Shooter Situations? Here's What Experts FoundEx-Porn Star Jenna Jameson Arrested, Charged With Battery'Did You Kill Your Gay Son!?': 10 of the Most Disturbing, Vitriolic and Shocking Reactions to the Death of Rick Warren's SonMass. Man Faces Charges After Shooting, Killing Bear in His Own BackyardAnti-Islam Pastor Plans to Burn 2,998 Korans to Mark 12th Anniversary of 9/11 -- and He Explains It to TheBlaze"TWD" showrunner Angela Kang speaks with Insider about Hilarie Burton's casting and wanting to do this episode since the graphic novel debuted.The Canadian popstar says his "heart breaks for innocent civilians being senselessly murdered".A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas flew to Germany on Monday for a medical checkup, Palestinian officials said.  Abbas, 85, has long been in poor health and was admitted to hospital with pneumonia in 2018.  Abbas flew by Jordanian helicopter from his Ramallah headquarters in the Israeli-occupied West Bank to Amman, where he made a brief comment on the placing of Jordanian King Abdullah's half-brother under house arrest.Shohei Ohtani has 'general soreness' after getting into a home-plate collision. Jared Walsh later hits a walk-off home run in the Angels' 7-4 win.Jordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.Even though such self-defense laws were not used in George Zimmerman’s defense, comedian and veteran progressive activist Dick Gregory argued at the rally outside the federal courthouse in Washington on Constitution Avenue that people should fight against them. Gregory also praised protesters who staged a sit-in until they could meet with Florida Gov. Rick Scott, who has agreed to meet with the protesters but continues standing strong on Florida’s Stand Your Ground law. Gregory called for protesters to join musician Stevie Wonder in boycotting Florida.We say thanks to brother Stevie Wonder. For all of his gigs he pays $100,000 tax. So you see what he’s giving up. We sit around arguing about so and so is not doing this, reverend is not doing this, I don’t hear you talking about Stevie. He didn’t have to huddle with nobody. He didn’t have to go to New York and huddle with white agents and say “Can I do this?” So what can we do to help Stevie? We don’t have to ask the First National Bank. We don’t have to ask Congress. We can make our decision when we leave here today because that governor of Florida said last night, “Hear me, hear me!” He said “I’ll meet with them but nothing is going to change.” And he met with them and he said if the deal was passed again, he would sign it. Well, we got a message for you.Some members of the crowd jumped in and started shouting, “Boycott Florida! Boycott Florida!”Gregory made the argument that supporters of Trayvon Martin should take action by not acting. “Whoa. Hang on,” he said. “Let me say something. Let me say something. See that’s what you mean. Some of y’all ain’t been to Florida in your life and ain’t going. And all you got to do is get Florida to come to you. Now what do I mean by that? They got oranges that they can’t afford to have you not buy because they will rot.” “You leave here now and you get on the phone and you call people and tell them to call people,” he continued. “I said to my grandmother, ‘We not going to boycott Florida orange juice because Florida orange juice is sold under different names. We going to boycott orange juice.’ And when them orange growers start running in to take that governor and he knows he can’t stand his ground with them. This is who we are. Starting thinking about Christmas. You know it’s hard to get us to do something.”Gregory called for people to boycott Disney as well, since it is based in Orlando, Fla. “How many of y’all have been to Disneyland to see a rat?” Gregory said, referencing Mickey Mouse, to laughter from the several hundred in attendance. “But haven’t walked down the street to see King’s tomb? Had he not died, you wouldn’t be welcome in Orlando. So we not asking you to do anything that costs you. We just say save your money. Don’t spend it. And when they understand who you are, then things will stop happening.” Disneyland is located in Anaheim, CA. Disneyworld is located in Orlando, FL.Gregory was not the only speaker at the rally; E. Faye Williams, the chair of the National Congress of Black Women, opened her remarks to the crowd by saying, “We stand with our queen sister Sybrina Fulton.”Williams then began advocating the crowd to take action through various tactics against those who support Stand Your Ground laws. “So we say to you my brothers and sisters, don’t feel like somebody else has to do it,” she said. “Everybody can do something.”“If you haven’t registered to vote yet, you can register to vote,” she said. “If you haven’t helped somebody else register to vote, you can help them register to vote. If you haven’t given a dime to the Trayvon Martin foundation so we can carry on this work, give a dime, give your time or give something.”Williams said Stand Your Ground laws “are disproportionately unfair to young black men.”“We have to be there [where states are implementing these laws],” she said. “We have to keep on pulling our money back. I did it. When I heard about Stand Your Ground and how the American Legislative Exchange Council is going around the country getting states to enact Stand Your Ground laws. I pulled my money out of Bank of America. I pulled my money out of State Farm insurance.”PoliticsDefenseDisneyTrayvon Martin.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartThe witness mocked by many for sounding ethnic has been given a full ride scholarship to any historically Black college or university.Instead of taking resposibility for our pathetic education system racists pilloried this young woman for her diction and perceived ignorance. Now she has the chance to do what many children need, have the opportunity to get a proper education.She will also have the tutors to assist her graduating from high school and taking college entrance exams.Thank you Tom Joyner.Joyner proclaimed, “Hi Rachel, this is Tom Joyner, I love you, I really do love you”, Jeantel, shyly giggles before responding, “I know.”But, Jeantel didn’t know how much she was loved because, Joyner was soon to dramatically change her life in a matter of minutes, saying, “If you want to graduate from high school, and go to an HBCU, even if it’s not in Florida but especially Florida,like Florida Memorial, Edward Waters or FAMU, if you want to do that, I want to help you do that.”How big of a wake-up call are the Obama scandals, especially the ones surrounding the seizing of phone records from the Associated Press and the IRS’s targeting of conservatives? So big that two of the media’s most shameful and shameless gun control advocates — Joe Scarborough and Piers Morgan — have finally conceded that arguments made by pro-Second Amendment activists against the expanding of background checks might not be so ridiculous. In a roundtable discussion on Friday’s “Morning Joe,”  Scarborough said that because of the IRS scandal, “My argument is less persuasive today because of these scandals.” He added: “People say, ‘Hey, if they do this with the IRS, asking people what books you read, then how can I trust them with information about my Second Amendment rights?'”Mika agreed completely: “That is a really, really good point.” Even the Huffington Post’s Sam Stein agreed. Andrew Johnson at NRO grabbed the video:——Scarborough added that, when it comes to both background checks and immigration reform, the IRS scandal is “devastating,” because both of those pieces of legislation ask us to trust the kind of government that would seize the media’s phone records and use the IRS to target a president’s political foes.Also courtesy of NRO, here is no-less than Piers Morgan conceding he was wrong to ridicule gun-rights activists (including our own Ben Shapiro) for making the argument that a legitimate fear of government tyranny is what makes the Second Amendment so crucial:——Though I was appalled by the media’s relentless and shameless push last month to pass the Toomey-Manchin bill that would have tightened background checks, I did support its passage, and said so many times while criticizing the media for their disgusting behavior. But this chilling reminder of how corrupt the federal government is has changed my mind completely. Moreover, our government is not only corrupt, it is vigorously protected by a media that is just as corrupt (NEVER forget the media ignored, dismissed, and even defended the IRS targeting conservatives). The government and media can scream all they want that background checks won’t be used to create a backdoor registry…But the government and media are liars.   Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNCMediaJoe ScarboroughPiers Morgan.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartThe suit in which Smith is taking part specifically targets the laws that emerged from HB 1224 and HB 1229.HB 1224 bans rifle and pistol magazines holding more than 15 rounds that “were acquired after July 1, 2013.” At the same time, it also bans many other magazines by prohibiting smaller magazines “designed to be readily converted.”When Breitbart News spoke to Sheriff Smith on July 22, he explained:The problem with this is that those who wrote the law don’t understand firearms or magazines. And many of the most popular firearms have magazines with removal floorplates — for instance, a Glock magazine. This law will effectively ban certain magazines even if they’re under the capacity limit, based solely on the fact that they are expandable or simply give the appearance of expandability. HB 1229 put background checks in place for every sale in the state–in store sales, online sales, private sales, and of course, sales at gun shows. Additionally, after forcing every sale to go through a Federal Firearms License (FFL), this law also adds a $10 fee for every background check.Smith explained to Breitbart News that another asinine aspect of HB 1229 is that it incorporates a 72 hour rule; the law is written so that any time your gun is out of your possession for more than 72 hours you will have to do a background check before getting it back (which also means you will have to pay a $10 fee).They’ve written the law in a way that the difference between legality and illegality are undefined. They simply stress that the gun has to be in your possession at all times. They’ve tried to clarify this to mean under or within your domain.But let’s say you’re a Colorado resident in legal possession of gun you owned prior the the July 1, 2013 deadline. You have an automobile accident and while the ambulance takes you to the hospital, police find the gun in your vehicle. They hold the gun for you but you’re in the hospital longer than 72 hours. When you finally recover and leave the hospital you ask the police for your gun and they say you have to do a background check to get your own gun back because it’s been longer than 72 hours. Moreover, you have a 17 round magazine in that gun and those are now banned, and because it was out of your possession for longer than 72 hours you’ve forfeited it.  This is a mess. The suit filed by Smith and his fellow Sheriffs is joined by numerous Colorado businesses and individual Colorado citizens. Said Smith: “We are a cantankerous bunch and this is our Alamo.”Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter @AWRHawkins.PoliticsDeadlineJohn Hickenlooper.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.CNN Opinion podcast features "Big Three" issues, three commentatorsDean Obeidallah: Get rid of the label "gun control" laws; they are really "human safety" lawsMargaret Hoover defended Margaret Thatcher from views that she favored the richJohn Avlon: It's almost impossible to talk about race in America without being attacked 
      Editor’s Note: Dean Obeidallah, a former attorney, is a political comedian and frequent commentator on various TV networks including CNN. He is the editor of the politics blog The Dean’s Report and co-host of a new CNN podcast “The Big Three” that looks at the top three stories of the week. Follow him on Twitter @deanofcomedy. 
    
  “I don’t consider criminal background checks to be gun control.” 

  Republican U.S. Sen. Pat Toomey made this profound statement earlier this week while announcing a bipartisan Senate agreement to expand background checks to almost all gun purchasers.

  Toomey is absolutely correct. Background checks are not about gun control, they’re about human safety. Having checks will make it more difficult for criminals and the insane to obtain guns.

  Yet, despite polls showing that over 90% of Americans support universal background checks, it took a “breakthrough” deal to get this proposal simply to a vote by the U.S. Senate. What’s worse, there’s no guarantee this legislation will pass the Republican-controlled House. 

  Congress’ exasperating struggle to enact a law supported by most Americans is topic No. 1 of this week’s episode of the CNN podcast, “The Big Three,” co-hosted by CNN Opinion contributors Margaret Hoover, John Avlon and myself. Each week we look at three big issues from the week. 

  The second big issue is the death of Great Britain’s former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. Is the fawning over her justified or did her failings outweigh her accomplishments?

  And third, is the new song by country singer Brad Paisley and rapper LL Cool J, titled, “The Accidental Racist,” racially insensitive, or in today’s hypersensitive climate is it simply impossible to discuss race without causing an outcry?

  To listen to this episode of “The Big Three,” click on the Soundcloud audio player on this page. Or you can find us on iTunes.

  Here’s a brief summary of this week’s episode:

  1. Gun safety laws 

  John Avlon discussed the cowardice of the Republican senators who threatened a filibuster to prevent a vote on the proposed universal background check law, a point he also raised in his most recent column. Margaret Hoover – a reasonable voice on the right (almost an oxymoron) – agreed that Republican senators like Ted Cruz could cause the entire GOP to appear as extremists if they prevented a vote on this proposal via filibuster. I made the case that we need to stop calling these measures “gun control” laws and instead label them as “human safety” laws because the focus is on saving lives, not grabbing guns.  

  I also raised the point: Is the second amendment out of date? It was enacted when we had 13 states, a population of 4 million and muskets. Should we consider revising or repealing the second amendment to bring it up to date with today’s world so that owning guns is a privilege rather than a right? 

  2. Death of Margaret Thatcher 

  Margaret Hoover, a big Thatcher fan, shared the thrill of meeting the former prime minister years ago.  I refused to speak ill of the recently deceased Thatcher.  So instead, I read excerpts from a recent op-ed penned by British comedian Russell Brand (we all know comedians tend to write the best opinion pieces). Brand was highly critical of Thatcher’s reign. John and Margaret both defended Thatcher from Brand’s allegations that she was an uncaring person who favored the wealthy at the expense of the working class. 

  3. ‘The Accidental Racist’ 

  Paisley and LL Cool J recorded a song in the hopes of easing racial tension and fostering more understanding. Instead, their song was met by almost universal criticism. Some said the lyrics are culturally insensitive, others said it’s just bad. All three of us agreed that some of the lyrics were ridiculous, such as LL Cool J’s line: “If you don’t judge my gold chains/I’ll forget the iron chains.” Was LL really saying that if a White man doesn’t judge his choice of flashy jewelry, then Black Americans should forget slavery?  But the bigger point we discussed is that it’s almost impossible to talk about race in America without being attacked by people on both the far left and far right. I also tell a joke about “White people” that I had performed last month on a TV show that generated an avalanche of angry tweets and e-mails. Just shows, we’ve gone a long way to go. 

  We hope you will give a listen to this episode of “The Big Three” – and let us know what you think about the issues we discussed.

  Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.

  Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion.  

  The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.Update: The White House attacked the National Rifle Association on Wednesday for an ad that mentioned President Obama's daughters, calling it "repugnant and cowardly.""Most Americans agree that a president's children should not be used as pawns in a political fight," said White House spokesman Jay Carney.The Obama spokesman added: "But to go so far as to make the safety of the president's children the subject of an attack ad is repugnant and cowardly."The NRA issued its own statement, saying the ad is about Obama's opposition to more armed guards in school."Whoever thinks the ad is about President Obama's daughters are missing the point completely or they're trying to change the subject," said NRA spokesman Andrew Arulanandam.He added: "This ad is about keeping our children safe. And the president said he was skeptical about the NRA proposal to put policemen in all schools in this country. Yet he and his family are beneficiaries of multiple law enforcement officers surrounding them 24-hours a day. That's the real issue. Anything else is an attempted calculated distraction."Earlier post:As President Obama prepared to unveil a legislative package attacking gun violence, the National Rifle Association has a new video attacking Obama -- and citing his children.The 35-second video criticizes Obama's skepticism of proposals to put armed guards in all schools, while noting that his daughters receive Secret Service protection."Are the president's kids more important than yours?" the narrator says. "Then why is he skeptical about putting armed security in our schools when his kids are protected by armed guards at their school? Mr. Obama demands the wealthy pay their fair share of taxes, but he's just another elitist hypocrite when it comes to a fair share of security."The law provides Secret Service protection for the president and his immediate family.NEWS:Obama announces gun control proposal WednesdayOn Wednesday, Obama and Vice President Biden unveiled an anti-gun violence plan that includes proposals for a new assault weapons ban, universal background checks on all weapon purchases, and restrictions on the size of ammunition magazines.The new gun control push comes a month after the mass killing that claimed 20 children and six adults at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn.The White House schedule says Obama and Biden " will be joined by children from around the country who wrote the president letters in the wake of the Newtown tragedy expressing their concerns about gun violence and school safety, along with their parents."SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALCross-posted from Eclectablog.Thanks to a petition drive that resulted in 4.2% of Michiganders voicing their minority opinion, Michigan is about to become a place where women have to plan ahead for their abortions. If you become pregnant accidentally or if you are raped and become pregnant and haven't purchased a separate abortion coverage rider on your health insurance, you won't be covered. This isn't just for state government insurance plans or those purchased on the health insurance exchange. It's for EVERY insurance plan available in the state.Apparently no government is too small to get between you, your doctor, and your health insurer.Because no one filed a challenge by Monday’s deadline to the more than 315,000 signatures turned in to the Secretary of State, an initiative that would prohibit abortion coverage from being included in standard insurance policies will go forward.And the Secretary of State certified Monday that Michigan Right to Life, which spearheaded the petition drive, has more than enough valid signatures to start the ball rolling on the new state law. A minimum of 258,088 valid signatures were needed. The anti-abortion activists turned in 315,477 signatures. And the Secretary of State’s elections division estimated that 299,941 of the signatures are valid.The state Board of Canvassers will meet at 9:30 a.m. Dec. 2 to certify the signatures and then the petition moves to the state Legislature, which has 40 days to approve, reject or do nothing with the legislative ballot initiative.Oh and, by the way, most Michigan voters actually oppose the law.Don't tell me there isn't a War on Women in Michigan being waged by religious conservatives in our state. The evidence is right before you.If you want chime in, Planned Parenthood has a petition going asking legislators to allow ALL Michigan voters to have a say in this. You can sign the petition HERE.UPDATE: For those who are asking how this is possible/legal, the process is called an "indirect initiated state statute". I've described how it works HERE. Challenging the legality of the law itself can't happen until it actually becomes a law so that may yet happen.“Creepy.”That’s the word everyone is using — and rightly so — to describe the pair of ads featuring a diabolical Uncle Sam who’s trying to convince young adults to opt out of Obamacare.Such a campaign is “disturbing,” Kathleen Sebelius, secretary of Health and Human Services, told me Saturday during a mental health conference in Kansas City, Mo.“Young adults are one diagnosis, one motorcycle accident, one car accident away from a lifetime of [medical] bills,” Sebelius said. Health insurance obtained through the Affordable Care Act could “save them and their families from bankruptcy.”Sure, millennials are often the healthiest members of the population, and they may believe they’re invincible. It’s estimated as many as 16 million don’t have adequate insurance. But a broken bone or a middle-of-the-night appendicitis attack can wreck a 20-something’s financial future.We know: My college-student daughter’s minor surgery, done as an outpatient in April, would have cost $30,000 if she hadn’t been covered on my husband’s insurance (an early perk of the Affordable Care Act has allowed 2.5 million adult children up to age 26 who otherwise wouldn’t have insurance to remain on their parents’ policies). Even with the policy, the bills have amounted to nearly $3,000 for out-of-pocket expenses.Yet an activist group called Generation Opportunity, with funding ties to the conservative Koch Brothers, claims on its Web site that “there are better, cheaper options” than the Affordable Care Act for fellow millennials. The group fails to list what those choices might be.The Virginia-based group, which is responsible for the Uncle Sam videos, has announced a $750,000 effort to persuade young adults “to opt out” of using the soon-to-be-available health exchanges or health insurance marketplace to buy policies from private companies. As part of that campaign, the group will take its show on the road to some 20 college campuses across the country.“We want young people to know they have options — including the ability to opt out of Obamacare by paying a relatively small penalty,” Evan Feinberg, president of Generation Opportunity, said in a news release. That penalty will be $95, or 1 percent of income, in 2014; it will gradually increase.Feinberg refers to Obamacare as a “quite frankly, creepy pyramid scheme” and explains that his group is “relying on creativity and grassroots activism” to fight it.I guess you could call the Uncle Sam ads, which were posted on YouTube Thursday and have since gone viral, as “creative.”In one ad, Uncle Sam pops up at the foot of an exam table while a young woman has her legs in the stirrups (a vulnerable position, believe me). She screams and on the screen flash the words, “Don’t let government play doctor.” Then we’re treated to a close-up of Uncle Sam brandishing a speculum.In the other video, it’s the young man’s turn, looking worried (a lot of jaw-clenching going on) as he lies on his side, knees to his chest, his backside exposed. Uncle Sam magically appears, snaps on a pair of blue rubber gloves and wriggles his fingers in anticipation.Irony, anyone? Hasn’t it been members of the Republican Party playing doctor by passing legislation in a number of states requiring any woman considering an abortion to undergo an ultrasound with a transvaginal probe — a most invasive and uncomfortable procedure?The plan is simple for Generation Opportunity. They hope to undermine Obamacare by underfunding the program. The White House has estimated that at least 2.7 million of the 7 million people expected to sign up for health insurance through the health exchanges need to be young adults. If enough healthy, young adults fail to buy private insurance through the health exchanges, the companies will lack the funds to pay out claims for older and often sicker customers.But will it be that easy to win over the hearts and minds — and wallets — of the millennials? More than 27 percent of adults age 18 to 24 have no health insurance. But the idea that most of them believe they don’t need it may be just another myth, like so much of the misinformation on the Affordable Care Act.Only a fourth of them think they’re healthy enough that they don’t need health insurance, according to research by the Kaiser Foundation, while a study by the Commonwealth Fund found that the majority of adults age 30 and under would buy insurance if they could afford it.Because of Obamacare, preexisting conditions will no longer prevent some young adults from purchasing a policy. “In the past, a teenage girl could take Accutane for acne and then be denied health insurance for a preexisting condition,” Sebelius said.Or, as she explained earlier during the “Mental Health Matters” conference to enthusiastic applause, “Being a woman is no longer considered a preexisting condition.”I can’t help but compare health insurance and auto insurance. We’re required in many states to show proof of car insurance before we can get a license for the vehicle. And most of us would never dream of buying a nice car — but then refusing to get insurance.Or what about telling our kids to forego insurance? “Hey, Junior, you’re such a good driver, don’t waste your money buying an insurance policy. You won’t need it.”The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyRepublicans in Wisconsin aren't done regulating lady parts despite 2 bills passed earlier that vastly restrict abortions and mandate ultrasounds.   The quickly rammed through bills were signed in secret by Scott Walker who wanted to avoid the publicity that dogged Republicans in Virginia and caused the Governor of that state to be renamed "Governor Ultrasound".They're not done exerting more control over womens bodies and one State Senator is promising "all out hell" if they proceed.Sen. Jon Erpenbach (D-Middleton) said Tuesday's session could mirror one in June, when Senate President Mike Ellis (R-Neenah) broke the base of his gavel as he slammed it down to quiet Democrats upset over passing a different abortion bill. Footage of those raucous proceedings was featured in an ad targeting Ellis run by Planned Parenthood Advocates of Wisconsin.Republicans who run the Senate are tentatively planning to approve two abortion bills on Tuesday.One would ban any abortions that are sought because of the sex of the fetus. The other would prevent public employees' health plans from covering most abortions, and would also strictly limit the ability of employees of religious organizations to get contraception through their insurance plans.In case you've forgotten, this is how Republicans rammed through these bills in June with only 1 speaker and no debate:Yes, Mike Ellis broke his gavel telling Democrats to sit down and shut up.  After the ram through, the State Senate, as you can see, quickly adjourned.  Democracy doesn't exist for the GOP.Once again, Republicans refused to hold public hearings, required for major changes. Republicans, however, say that public hearings are "stalling tactics" and refuse to hold them.While Planned Parenthood sued and received an injunction on the recent hospital admitting privileges requirement law for abortion providers, the mandatory ultrasound law has gone into effect unchallenged.   It takes money to litigate and the worst law was the one mandating that abortion providers have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital.  Naturally, Republican Attorney General Van Hollen has appealed the injunction to the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals which has scheduled a hearing on December 3.  They will then rule whether or not the injunction stands.  No one knows what's going to happen when these new atrocities become law in Wisconsin.   They will, of course, become law because the GOP is in the majority and ignore democracy and even the law to ram through every extremist measure they want.  The side of sanity doesn't have the deep pockets of RW billionaires to litigate everything in sight.For Your Amusement:The notoriously unreliable and facts optional Politifact has given a rare Pants on Fire to Scott Walker (rare for a Republican to even get questionable ratings) after his claim (in a bulk email sent to supporters) that taxpayers in Wisconsin will save about $640 over 4 years from his shiny new $100 million tax relief.  Bwahahahaha!Even Walkers puppets said it would amount to only $33 per year and others have said the "savings" on the typical home would amount to only between $11 - 13 per year.  So, yeah, Scotty.  Lie all you want, but this time you went way, way too far and even your pals at Politifact had to call you out..We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    The head of the Louisiana Democratic Party said on the floor of the state Senate this week that opponents of the federal health care overhaul are motivated by President Obama's race -- a remark that drew the scorn of state Republicans who now want her to apologize.State Sen. Karen Carter Peterson, who is also chairwoman of the state Democratic Party, repeatedly invoked race as she railed against ObamaCare critics."I have talked to so many members both in the House and the Senate, and you know what? You ready? You ready? What it comes down to? It's not about how many federal dollars we can receive, it's not about that. You ready? It's about race," she said. "I know nobody wants to talk about that. It's about the race of this African-American president.She tried to argue that because former House Speaker Newt Gingrich -- who is white -- offered a "similar" overhaul in the past, the criticism this time "comes down to the race of the president of the United States which causes people to disconnect and step away from the substance of the bill."The Republican Party of Louisiana is calling on Peterson to apologize for the comments."Bottom line is it's wrong to call someone a racist just because they disagree with you. There are a plethora of reasons why we disagree with ObamaCare ... and the race of the president or of anyone else has absolutely nothing to do with it," Ryan Cross, communications director for the state GOP, told FoxNews.com. "It's appalling and it has no place on the floor."Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, a Republican, also told local affiliate WBRZ that it's "wrong to call people racists" simply over opposition to the health law.Peterson released a statement  Thursday afternoon clarifying her remarks while also defending them."I think we should judge a policy by its content, not the person proposing it," her statement said."To be clear, I didn't call any person 'racist.' Rather, I was simply relaying the truth about conversations I've had with my colleagues and the factors they considered on the expansion of Medicaid."While others are using this as an opportunity to take my comments out of context in order to distract from the true issue, I think it's critical that we focus on the substance of the policy because it's the right thing to do for Louisiana."[youtube K754cP25fK4]Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — The Texas Senate passed sweeping new abortion restrictions late Friday, sending them to Republican Gov. Rick Perry to sign into law after weeks of protests and rallies that drew thousands of people to the Capitol and made the state the focus of the national abortion debate.Republicans used their large majority in the Texas Legislature to pass the bill nearly three weeks after a filibuster by Democratic Sen. Wendy Davis and an outburst by abortion-rights activists in the Senate gallery disrupted a deadline vote June 25.Called back for a new special session by Perry, lawmakers took up the bill again as thousands of supporters and opponents held rallies and jammed the Capitol to testify at public hearings. As the Senate took its final vote, protesters in the hallway outside the chamber chanted, "Shame! Shame! Shame!"Democrats have called the GOP proposal unnecessary and unconstitutional. Republicans said the measure was about protecting women and unborn children.House Bill 2 would require doctors to have admitting privileges at nearby hospitals, allow abortions only in surgical centers, limit where and when women may take abortion-inducing pills and ban abortions after 20 weeks.Abortion-rights supporters say the bill will close all but five abortion clinics in Texas, leaving large areas of the vast state without abortion services. Only five out of 42 existing abortion clinics meet the requirements to be a surgical center, and clinic owners say they can't afford to upgrade or relocate.The circus-like atmosphere in the Texas Capitol marked the culmination of weeks of protests, the most dramatic of which came June 25 in the final minutes of the last special legislative session, Davis' filibuster and subsequent protest prevented the bill from becoming law.The Senate's debate took place between a packed gallery of demonstrators, with anti-abortion activists wearing blue and abortion-rights supporters wearing orange. Security was tight, and state troopers reported confiscating bottles of urine and feces as they worked to prevent another attempt to stop the Republican majority from passing the proposal.Those arrested or removed from the chamber included four women who tried to chain themselves to a railing in the gallery. One of the women was successful in chaining herself, prompting a 10-minute recess.When debate resumed, protesters began loudly singing, "Give choice a chance. All we are saying is give choice a chance." The Senate's leader, Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, told officers to remove them.Sen. Glen Hegar of Katy, the bill's Republican author, argued that all abortions, including those induced with medications, should take place in an ambulatory surgical center in case of complications.Democrats pointed out that childbirth is more dangerous than an abortion and there have been no serious problems with women taking abortion drugs at home. They introduced amendments to add exceptions for cases of rape and incest and to remove some of the more restrictive clauses, but Republicans dismissed all of the proposed changes.Sen. Royce West, a Dallas Democrat, asked why Hegar was pushing restrictions that federal courts in other states had suspended as possibly unconstitutional."There will be a lawsuit. I promise you," West said, raising his right hand as if taking an oath.The bill mirrors restrictions passed in Mississippi, Ohio, Oklahoma, Alabama, Kansas, Wisconsin and Arizona. In North Carolina, lawmakers are considering a measure that would allow state health officials to apply standards for ambulatory surgical centers to abortion clinics.Passing the law in Texas would be a major victory for anti-abortion activists in the nation's second most-populous state. A lawsuit originating in Texas would also likely win a sympathetic hearing at the conservative 5th Circuit Court of Appeals on its way to the U.S. Supreme Court.But Democrats see in the protests an opportunity that could help them break a 20-year statewide losing streak. They believe Republicans have overreached in trying to appease their base and alienated suburban women, a constituency that helped President Barack Obama win re-election."In the long run, all they have done is built a committed group of people across this state who are outraged about the treatment of women and the lengths to which this Legislature will go to take women's health care away," Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards told The Associated Press in an interview Friday.Sen. John Whitmire, a Houston Democrat, said during the debate that it was clear the bill was part of national conservative agenda attempting to ban abortion and infringe on women's rights one state at a time. He pressed Hegar on why the Texas Medical Association, Texas Hospital Association and the American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology opposed the bill.He asked Hegar how he could ignore these experts."There are differences in the medical profession," Hegar insisted, rejecting the criticism. "I don't believe this legislation will majorly impede the doctor-patient relationship."Sen. Bob Deuell, a Greenville Republican and a doctor, defended the bill, saying abortion clinics "had not maintained the proper standard of care."___Associated Press writers Will Weissert and Jim Vertuno contributed to this report. Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at http://twitter.com/cltomlinson"TWD" showrunner Angela Kang speaks with Insider about Hilarie Burton's casting and wanting to do this episode since the graphic novel debuted.The Canadian popstar says his "heart breaks for innocent civilians being senselessly murdered".A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas flew to Germany on Monday for a medical checkup, Palestinian officials said.  Abbas, 85, has long been in poor health and was admitted to hospital with pneumonia in 2018.  Abbas flew by Jordanian helicopter from his Ramallah headquarters in the Israeli-occupied West Bank to Amman, where he made a brief comment on the placing of Jordanian King Abdullah's half-brother under house arrest.Shohei Ohtani has 'general soreness' after getting into a home-plate collision. Jared Walsh later hits a walk-off home run in the Angels' 7-4 win.Jordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Molly Henneberg reports from Washington, D.C.The U.S. Supreme Court has declined to block controversial Texas abortion restrictions that have been called some of the strictest in the country and have led a dozen abortion clinics in the state to stop performing the procedure.The court by a 5-4 vote denied a request by Planned Parenthood to block a ruling by the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, allowing key parts of the Texas abortion law to stay in effect while the lawsuit challenging the restrictions moves forward.The four liberal justices who voted in favor of the request said they would have overturned the appeals court's Oct. 31 ruling that allowed the law to take effect.In its 20-page ruling, the panel of appeals court judges acknowledged that the law's provision  requiring doctors to have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital "may increase the cost of accessing an abortion provider and decrease the number of physicians available to perform abortions."However, the panel said that the U.S. Supreme Court has held that having "the incidental effect of making it more difficult or more expensive to procure an abortion cannot be enough to invalidate" a law that serves a valid purpose, "one not designed to strike at the right itself."  The provision has led at least 12 clinics in the state to stop performing abortions since the ruling.A spokeswoman for the Texas Attorney General's Office said Tuesday said the office is "pleased" with the Supreme Court's ruling."These are commonsense - and perfectly constitutional - regulations that further the state's interest in protecting the health and safety of Texas women," Lauren Bean said.Republican Texas Gov. Rick Perry also said he was happy with the court's decision."This is good news both for the unborn and for the women of Texas, who are now better protected from shoddy abortion providers operating in dangerous conditions," Perry said.The appeals court panel left in place a portion of a previous judge's order that prevents the state from enforcing the U.S. Food and Drug Administration protocol for abortion-inducing drugs in cases where the woman is between 50 and 63 days into her pregnancy. Doctors testifying before the court had said such women would be harmed if the protocol were enforced.The appeals court's order is temporary until it can hold a complete hearing, likely in January.The restrictions gained notoriety when Democratic state Sen. Wendy Davis launched a nearly 13-hour filibuster against them in June.The law also bans abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy and beginning in October 2014 requires doctors to perform all abortions in surgical facilities.During the trial, officials for one chain of abortion clinics testified that they've tried to obtain admitting privileges for their doctors at 32 hospitals, but so far only 15 accepted applications and none have announced a decision.Many hospitals with religious affiliations will not allow abortion doctors to work there, while others fear protests if they provide privileges.Many have requirements that doctors live within a certain radius of the facility, or perform a minimum number of surgeries a year that must be performed in a hospital.Fox News' Shannon Bream and The Associated Press contributed to this reportGet all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALNorth Dakota has banned abortion once a foetal heartbeat can be detected - as early as six weeks - in the most restrictive law of its kind in the US.Governor Jack Dalrymple signed a second law banning abortions based on genetic abnormalities.He approved a third law requiring doctors who perform abortions to have hospital-admitting privileges. Correspondents say the laws are in part an effort to close the state's only abortion clinic, in the town of Fargo.The measures, which take effect on 1 August, make no exceptions for rape, incest or the health of the mother.Gov Dalrymple said: "Although the likelihood of this measure surviving a court challenge remains in question, this bill is nevertheless a legitimate attempt by a state legislature to discover the boundaries of Roe v Wade."In that landmark 1973 case, the US Supreme Court ruled abortion was legal until the foetus could survive outside the womb.The governor said that the court has allowed states to adopt stricter abortion measures, and has never before considered a measure like this one - leaving the constitutionality of the bills an "open question".Gov Dalrymple added the state should put money aside to pay for legal challenges to the laws.Under the North Dakota bills, women would not be prosecuted for having an abortion after a foetal heartbeat could be detected, but doctors could face five years in prison and a $5,000 (£3,300) penalty.Pro-choice advocates vowed to challenge the legislation.Sarah Stoesz, president of Planned Parenthood, said: "This sweeping package of bills will not stand up to constitutional scrutiny."But as a result of North Dakota's leaders' disregard for women's health, the state will endure months and years of drawn-out litigation costing taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars."In addition, North Dakota's Republican-dominated legislature last week set up a voter referendum for November 2014 which seeks to amend the state constitution to define life as beginning at conception.The amendment would grant full legal protection to embryos and foetuses and could outlaw some forms of birth control, stem-cell research and possibly in vitro fertilisation. Earlier in March, the Republican-controlled legislature in the state of Arkansas enacted tough abortion laws, banning the procedure after 12 weeks of pregnancy.Scientists generally agree that foetuses become "viable" or able to survive outside the womb at about 22-24 weeks.Arkansas adopts strict abortion banPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'9Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.I know one-sentence diaries with a screenshot of a Tweet are frowned upon around here, but how could one possibly expand on the absolute class that is Erick Erickson? This man is walking proof that "pro-life" is a lie.As a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly years ago, Republican Scott Walker pushed two key measures to limit abortions. Neither was successful.But as governor on Friday, Walker signed legislation requiring that women get an ultrasound before having an abortion and mandating that doctors who perform the procedure have admitting privileges at a local hospital. Opponents say the bill would force at least two clinics in Wisconsin to close.The measures are part of a wave of abortion limits passed this year by conservative lawmakers and governors, who have approved more than 40 restrictions in statehouses around the country, according to data from the Guttmacher Institute, which tracks the issue.The push has been aided by the expanded control of state governments by Republicans, who now hold a majority of governerships and legislatures and who enjoy veto-proof majorities in twice as many states as Democrats. Some of the measures were also fueled by outrage over the conduct of providers such as Philadelphia late-term abortion doctor Kermit Gosnell, who was convicted of murder charges this spring.By mobilizing partisans on both sides, the abortion issue is poised to figure more prominently in the 2014 and 2016 elections than most strategists would have expected six months ago.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), widely seen as a presidential contender, is weighing whether to play a leading role on the issue by sponsoring a Senate bill to ban abortions 20 weeks after fertilization. Rubio is attempting to shore up support among conservatives who opposed his role in crafting a Senate immigration bill.In North Carolina, the state Senate adopted a sweeping bill Wednesday that includes a ban on sex-selective abortions and on abortion coverage in insurance offered in the state’s health exchange. It also requires abortion clinics be held to the same standards as ambulatory surgical centers and have a transfer agreement with a local hospital.In Texas, the legislature convened a second special session this week to take up a bill similar to North Carolina’s, which state Sen. Wendy Davis (D) successfully blocked through a filibuster in late June.“It’s not as if there’s some central mastermind strategy that’s organizing action on the state level,” said Maureen Ferguson, senior policy adviser at the Catholic Association. “It really is a response of the people and the growing pro-life sentiment in the country.”But abortion rights activists and their Democratic allies say the push will work to their political advantage in upcoming congressional and gubernatorial races, allowing them to portray Republicans as more focused on extreme social issues than on bolstering the economy. Many of the abortion measures also face court challenges that could delay implementation for months or years.Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Rep. Steve Israel (N.Y.) said in an interview that the DCCC was already targeting 16 House Republicans who had voted in June for the 20-week abortion ban written by Rep. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.) or in favor of defunding Planned Parenthood in the last Congress.“Republicans have shown they can’t help themselves from pursuing an ideological agenda, and they are further alienating independent and moderate voters,” Israel said. “They are pulling themselves down on this issue.”GOP officials say they do not expect abortion to become a decisive factor in upcoming races. Republican candidates will focus instead on economic issues and on controversy surrounding President Obama’s Affordable Care Act, they said.“Like most campaigns, the issues that are discussed most are the issues that voters deal with on a day-to-day basis,” said Brad Dayspring, spokesman for the National Republican Senatorial Committee. “At the current moment, that seems to be jobs, the economy, making sure health care is affordable and making sure our children have the opportunities we were blessed with.”Abortion is already a major campaign issue in some contests, including the Virginia governor’s race between GOP Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli II and former Democratic National Committee chairman Terry McAuliffe. But Cuccinelli campaign strategist Chris LaCivita said much of the focus is being driven by one side, which has attacked the attorney general for his opposition to abortion even in cases of rape and incest and his push to impose new requirements on abortion clinics.“Ken Cuccinelli’s position on life is well known,” LaCivita said. “But the only people trying to make it a central issue are Terry McAuliffe and the Democrats.”Some Republicans, however, say they are concerned that GOP lawmakers continue to mishandle the issue through clumsy statements that alienate women. During committee consideration of the House abortion bill last month, Franks touched off a firestorm when he said that “the incidence of rape resulting in pregnancy are very low.”The following week, Rep. Michael C. Burgess (R-Tex.) argued that sonograms suggest a young fetus can experience sexual pleasure. “If they’re a male baby, they may have a hand between their legs,” Burgess said. “If they feel pleasure, why can’t they feel pain?”One Republican Party official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue, said the Franks bill “should have been a political win for us, and it was a messaging disaster. . . . Salacious, inappropriate comments coming out of male House Republicans’ mouths — it just damages the brand.”Abortion opponents, who play a crucial role in the Republican base, have been pushing particularly hard for legislative action amid revelations about unsafe practices at some abortion clinics. Gosnell was convicted in May of first-degree murder in the deaths of three infants and of involuntary manslaughter in the death of an adult patient. Live Action, an anti-abortion group, has spurred state investigations of clinics by producing dozens of videos with undercover footage.“House Republicans felt very strongly after the horrors committed by Kermit Gosnell we needed to protect life and protect women and children from these unsafe and inhumane practices,” said Rory Cooper, spokesman for House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.). But he added, “Right now, we’re focused on energy and jobs.” Public opinion has remained mostly supportive of the right to legal abortion since the 1990s, but many Americans are willing to impose tighter restrictions on the procedure. Under the Supreme Court’s Roe v. Wade decision, abortions can be performed until the point when an individual doctor determines a fetus’s viability, which is generally defined as up to 24 weeks of gestation. After that point, the government can prohibit the procedure if it provides safeguards for the mother’s health and well-being.Fifty-five percent of respondents said abortion should be legal in all or most cases in an August 2012 Washington Post-Kaiser Family Foundation poll, with 42 percent saying it should be illegal in all or most cases. A Gallup poll in December 2012 found that while 61 percent of respondents supported keeping abortions in the first trimester legal, 64 percent thought second-trimester abortions should be illegal and 80 percent backed banning third-trimester abortions.The pace of state abortion restrictions in recent years has accelerated, with more than 170 enacted since 2011, according to the Guttmacher Institute.Susan B. Anthony List President Marjorie Dannenfelser, whose group plans to spend $1.5 million helping Cuccinelli, said Republicans can win at the ballot box if they “bring the public to a point of consensus” around issues such as a 20-week ban and tougher operating standards for clinics.Democrats are doing their best to put all anti-abortion Republicans in the same camp as Todd Akin, whose Senate candidacy for a seat in Missouri collapsed last year after he suggested women don’t get pregnant in instances of “legitimate rape.”Democrats pounced this week after Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) signed several new abortion restrictions into law while surrounded by a group of male legislators. Both the Democratic Governors Association and American Bridge 21st Century, a liberal super PAC, began highlighting the scene in political attacks.Kasich spokesman Rob Nichols called the criticism unfounded. “The governor is pro-life and we believe these are reasonable policies to help protect human life,” he wrote in an e-mail.But Ilyse Hogue, president of NARAL Pro-Choice America, said Kasich’s move “will be an issue for him” in his reelection campaign next year. “These are going to be nationalized races in a way we haven’t seen with these state races, because people understand the things that are at stake,” she said. Capital Insight survey research analyst Scott Clement contributed to this report.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Latest news from around the globe."Who would have believed that the regime would kill its own people with chemicals and warplanes?" Bashir Abazayd asks, reflecting on a decade of conflict.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL            Hollywood Reporter: The Media Action Network for Asian Americans fires off a letter to executives, criticizing the comedy’s “racial and sexual stereotypes” and blasting co-creator Alec Sulkin for an insensitive tweet he wrote in reference to the tsunami that hit Japan two years ago.Two weeks after producers were put on the defensive at the Television Critics Association press tour over the show’s controversial nature, the Media Action Network for Asian Americans fired off a letter asking that “racist” scenes be reshot before the show premieres.STORY: ‘Dads’ EPs Defend Fox Comedy: ‘There Are Things We’d Like to Change’Guy Aoki, founding president of MANAA, which touts itself as “the only group solely dedicated to being a media watchdog for Asian American media issues,” sent the letter addressed to Fox entertainment chairman Kevin Reilly, COO Joe Earley, senior vp comedy Marcus Wiley and senior vp current programming James Oh.Writing about the show’s “racial and sexual stereotypes,” Aoki cited such moments as actress Brenda Song dressing up as a “sexy Asian schoolgirl” when the main characters were about to meet with Chinese businessmen and Martin Mull’s character calling Asians “Orientals.”Aoki also referenced a tweet written by Dads co-creator Alec Sulkin on March 11, 2011, the day a tsunami hit Japan, killing thousands of people: “If you wanna feel better about this earthquake in Japan, google ‘Pearl Harbor death toll.’ ” STORY: It’s Not Just Fox’s ‘Dads’ – Can Any Show Bank on Patience in This TV Landscape? (Analysis)Meanwhile, early buzz on the show hasn’t been kind. For example, Aoki’s letter cited The Hollywood Reporter chief TV critic Tim Goodman’s take on the series: “Not only is the show not funny, it has heavily racist overtones for Asians.”ClipsFOXHollywood ReporterJapan.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartA senior rebel commander with the Free Syrian Army has been shot and killed by jihadis. As Paul Wood reports, the killing is part of an escalating struggle within the armed uprising between moderates and Islamists linked to al-Qaeda. The Free Syrian Army commander, stocky, bearded, dressed in camouflage, oozed menace and seethed with righteous anger. We were speaking about the biggest jihadi group in Syria, the Nusra Front, who had kidnapped his brother. "I know the names of all their emirs [leaders]. They will have nowhere to hide. This will be all-out war," he said.He explained that he was now free to take his revenge because he had just paid $50,000 (£33,000) to get his brother out. He had hated to do this because Nusra would just spend the money on weapons to use against the FSA. He told me they had sent a suicide bomber to infiltrate his command post, killing 12 of his men. They were able to do that, he complained bitterly, only because he had sent most of his troops to fight in Qusayr, which later fell to the regime. I met that particular commander in Turkey, not far from the border with Syria, 10 days ago. He was describing a long-standing and often bloody enmity among those fighting the regime of President Bashar al-Assad - "secular" against jihadi, "moderate" versus "extremist". That struggle has now resulted in the loss of one of the FSA's most senior figures, Kamal Hamami, who commanded an important brigade in his native north-western province of Latakia.Even as the Syrian regime pushes back the rebels on several fronts, a civil war within the civil war is building on the opposition side. A spokesman for the FSA's Supreme Military Council said Mr Hamami had been driving through Latakia when they ran into a checkpoint run by the main group linked to al-Qaeda in Syria, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.The fighters at the checkpoint refused to let him pass, saying he would need to get permission from their emir. He told them they had to take their checkpoint down. As the argument raged, one of the fighters - a foreign jihadi from Iraq, it is said - raised his weapon and shot Mr Hamami. The FSA men retreated with their mortally wounded commander.According to the FSA, the emir gave a long list of reasons for the killing, one of which included the fact he was a member of the FSA's Supreme Military Council. The FSA said the Islamic State had threatened to kill all of the other members of the Supreme Military Council - another sign of the escalating struggle within the armed uprising. This is partly a battle over spoils, partly ideological. In truth, almost all of those fighting the regime are to some degree religious, including those FSA brigades commonly labelled "secular". The crucial difference, though, is that the "secular" FSA will accept a civil state while the jihadis are fighting to establish an Islamic theocracy. A year ago, the jihadis were still operating almost underground in Syria. Now they are powerful and important players, in some places running whole towns, where they impose Sharia law.  "This is a disaster for us, a disaster for the revolution," a female opposition activist told me. She was complaining about Islamist gunmen telling her not to smoke, to cover her head, and to leave meetings where she was the only woman. "We do not want these people," she went on, referring to the foreign fighters who have joined jihadi brigades. "This is not Syria."She admitted that the jihadis had grown in popularity because of corruption and infighting among the FSA. Many rebel groups were preying on the people they are supposed to be fighting for, she conceded. I spoke to another activist who had spent two years on the run from the regime, only to finally flee Syria because he spoke out against looting by the FSA. "One word about this on Facebook can earn you a bullet," he told me. The moral clarity of the early days of the uprising has been lost. Then, people wanted to defend themselves against overwhelming and brutal force - and ultimately to replace a corrupt, one-party dictatorship. Now many people tell me the revolution itself has become corrupt and, in rebel-held areas, they fear a different kind of tyranny: crime, kidnapping, gangsterism. By the laws of sheer demographics in Syria, President Assad should have been finished long ago. Three quarters of the country is Sunni and this is a predominantly Sunni uprising. But now some who supported the revolution are even switching, however reluctantly, to the regime, as the lesser of two evils. The result is that the government is looking stronger than ever.The town of Qusayr fell to a government offensive six weeks ago. It looks very much like the last rebel pockets in the much bigger city of Homs will be next. One of those pockets is Khaldiya. For two years the rebels held out here, but now government tanks are closing in. An activist reached by Skype told us that most people have fled Khaldiya, just fighters and their families remaining, living in medieval conditions without power and running water.In a video uploaded to YouTube, three FSA fighters stand looking at the camera and declare they will defend Khaldiya to their last breath. "This is the only weapon we have left," says one, pointing to a suicide belt he is wearing. "By God's will, we can hold this place." The suicide belt is a sign of how Islamist ideology has spread even through the FSA, as well as of how desperate the battle against the regime has become. The rebels in the Khaldiya suicide belt video are clear where the blame lies for what - despite their declaration - seems like an imminent defeat. They have been abandoned by the outside world, they say, and even by their own leadership in the FSA. They say that, starved of weapons, they had little against a Syrian regime armed with tanks, artillery, jets and Scuds.For Western governments thinking about arming the rebels, there are many worrying questions: What if the weapons are used in a sectarian massacre of Shias and Alawites? What if the jihadis get hold of anti-aircraft missiles and use them in Europe or the US? Against that, there is the risk that staying out will allow the Syrian inferno to light fires beyond Syria's borders. One in four Syrians have fled their homes, many into neighbouring countries. There is a risk of destabilising the whole region. Sectarian violence has already spread to Lebanon. A car bomb in Shia, Hezbollah-controlled southern Beirut, this week was payback for Hezbollah's involvement in the battle for Qusayr, it is said. Jordan, straining with more than half a million refugees, is also said to be at risk. To stop the killing, outside powers are trying to force both sides to the negotiating table. President Assad will not go, presumably, unless he feels seriously in peril - that is one reason, it is argued, to arm the rebels. But if the balance tips too far the other way, the rebels would not want to talk if they felt they were winning on the battlefield. If Western governments do decide to step in, there are some rebels they might feel they could do business with, represented by the FSA's Supreme Military Council, the body on which the murdered commander, Kamal Hamami sat. At the top of the Supreme Military Council sits General Salim Idris, the FSA's chief of staff. He talks, reassuringly for Western governments, not of revenge or of Sharia law, but of human rights and democracy. The relatively secular rebel groups are in the minority. On many frontlines, they are not militarily as significant as other groups that Western governments would find problematic.  The hope in London, Paris and Washington, is that the "moderate" FSA will grow in power and influence with Western support. The question is, as the regime's offensive continues, is it too late? Police chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'9Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.As a precondition for “peace” talks with the Palestinians that will produce nothing, President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry demanded that Israel’s government release over 100 long-term convicted terrorists and murderers, many imprisoned for vicious crimes committed long before either intifada.The “Elder of Ziyon” blog has compiled a list of those to be released–and their victims. Here is a sample:Obama and Kerry insisted on the release of the terrorists and murderers, and Israel–fearful of losing U.S. support at the UN and against Iran–complied. That is the heavy price demanded by an administration that prides itself as tough on terrorists–while arming them and Syria and releasing them in Israel.Image: Family of Moshe Becker, citrus grower, murdered; Elder of Ziyon blogNational SecurityJohn KerryPolandSyria.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Daming Sanusi says that in rape cases "both the rapist and the victim enjoy it" His remarks prompt outrage and appear to derail his Supreme Court bidHe apologizes and says he was trying to make a jokeHis comments come after controversial comments on rape in the United States
  If you’re running for office, it’s best not to make incendiary comments about rape. That appears to be as much the case in Indonesia as it is in the United States.

  Daming Sanusi, a candidate for the Indonesian Supreme Court, has fueled outrage in the predominantly Muslim country by suggesting that rape victims enjoy being violated.

  Read more: ‘Mother Robin’ delivers for poor women in Indonesia

  He made the comments Monday in front of a parliamentary commission hearing to determine if he was a fit for the top court, according to the official Indonesian news agency Antara.

  In response to a question about whether the death penalty should be applied in rape cases, Daming reportedly said, “Consideration needs to be taken thoroughly for the imposition of death penalty for a rapist because in a rape case both the rapist and the victim enjoy it.” 

  News of his comments quickly spread on social media, prompting anger, disgust and calls for Daming’s candidature for the Supreme Court to be shot down.

  CNN iReport: Women of Indonesia

  “We ask legislators not to give the judge position to Daming, as he had offended people`s feeling by uttering inappropriate statement,” Ridwan Bakar, a spokesman for the Indonesian Legal Aid Foundation, said Tuesday.

  As the furor grew, Daming issued an apology, acknowledging that his words were “out of control.”

  In a news conference, he said that he was nervous in the session in front of the lawmakers and made the comment as a joke.

  “I made the remark without realizing it can harm people’s feeling,” Antara cited him as saying.

  Damage is done

  But his contrition appeared to be too little too late.

  “The damage has been done,” Primastuti Handayani, the managing editor of the Jakarta Post wrote in a commentary published Wednesday. “Nothing he said in his apology can heal the wound he caused.”

  She also noted that Daming is not the first Indonesian official to make controversial comments about rape, highlighting the case last year of Jakarta Governor Fauzi Bowo, who said women should avoid wearing miniskirts on public transport to avoid “any unwanted consequences.”  

  Indonesian political figures began to distance themselves from Daming amid the outrage this week, and his chances of being selected as a Supreme Court justice seemed to wither.

  Opinion: Why have men lost touch with reality over rape?

  The chairman of the parliamentary commission, Gede Pasek Suardika, said that Daming’s remarks were inappropriate and that the public outcry against him would be taken into consideration.  Members of the commission from the Prosperous Justice Party recommended against selecting him.

  The controversy that sprung up around Daming mirrors outrage in the United States over remarks about rape made by Republicans Richard Mourdock and Todd Akin.

  Once leading in the polls, Mourdock and Akin both lost their Senate races to Democrats in November after their comments on pregnancy and rape were widely circulated.

  Read more: Divorce by text message sparks bizarre legal battle in Indonesia

  When asked on a local news show what he thought about abortion in the case of rape, Akin set off the controversy when he said, “First of all, from what I understand from doctors, that’s really rare. If it’s a legitimate rape, the female body has ways to try to shut that whole thing down.”

  Mourdock was participating in a televised debate when he said, “Life is that gift from God that I think even if life begins in that horrible situation of rape, that it is something that God intended to happen.”

  And Rep. Phil Gingrey, Republican of Georgia, revived the furor last week when he commented on the cases of Mourdock and Akin, and reportedly suggested Akin was “partly right.”

  Gingrey later said his words, reported by the Marietta Daily-Journal, had been misconstrued.

  Opinion: End culture of rape in 2013
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.WASHINGTON (AP) — Struggling to salvage a massive surveillance program, President Barack Obama faced congressional critics of the National Security Agency's collection of Americans' telephone records Thursday as snowballing concerns made new limitations on the intelligence effort appear increasingly likely.Obama and Vice President Joe Biden joined lawmakers on both sides of the issue for an Oval Office meeting designed to stem the bleeding of public support and show Obama was serious about engaging. Among the participants were the NSA's most vigorous congressional supporters — the top Democrats and Republicans in the House and Senate intelligence panels — alongside its most stern critics, including Democratic Sens. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Mark Udall of Colorado.The lawmakers departed the rainy White House grounds without speaking to reporters. But in interviews later, they said there was a consensus that the surveillance efforts are suffering from perception problems that have undercut trust among the American people."There is openness to making changes," said Rep. C.A. "Dutch" Ruppersberger of Maryland, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, top Republican on the Senate's intelligence panel and a strong NSA defender, said Obama and the lawmakers didn't agree to take specific steps but brought up a number of proposals that will be fleshed out over the August congressional recess."A lot of ideas were thrown out," Chambliss told The Associated Press. "Nothing was concluded."Wyden, in an interview, said he and Udall had sought to convince Obama of the urgency of addressing rising concerns. He said he proposed strengthening the government's ability to get emergency authorization to collect an individual's phone records, so that pre-emptive collection of everyone's records would no longer be necessary."I felt that the president was open to ideas — and we're going to make sure he has some," Wyden said after returning to Capitol Hill.Wyden and two Senate colleagues also unveiled legislation Thursday to overhaul the secret federal court that oversees the programs, which critics decry as largely a rubber stamp. The senators aim to make the court created under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or FISA, more adversarial by creating a special advocate who could argue for privacy during closed-door proceedings and appeal decisions. A companion bill would diversify the court's bench by ending the chief justice's sole authority to pick its judges."These bills do not compromise national security, but they put a necessary opposing view in the FISA court and assure ideological diversity of judges," said Sen. Tom Udall, D-N.M. Another of the bill's sponsors, Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., said the Obama administration was receptive to the ideas, although White House officials declined to comment.Debate over the line between counterterrorism and invasion of privacy has been heating up since former government contract systems analyst Edward Snowden leaked classified documents exposing the NSA's monumental capability to sweep up data about phone and Internet use, including programs that store years of phone records on virtually every American. Snowden's revelations have prompted a national rethinking over government surveillance powers that have grown since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.Russia decided on Thursday to grant temporary asylum to Snowden, who has been in a Moscow airport hotel for more than a month, despite America's insistence that the fugitive be sent home to face prosecution on espionage charges.In Washington, House Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., said he stressed to Obama the role Congress must play in ensuring that U.S. spying isn't infringing on Congress' intent or on civil liberties. He said his committee would further probe the issue, including in a classified hearing he's hoping to hold in September.Extending its efforts to defend the programs to the public, the White House pledged to help Americans understand as much as possible about how they work, even as it staunchly defended their efficacy in keeping a post-9/11 America safe."That process will continue," said White House spokesman Jay Carney. "But I don't think that we can sensibly say that programs designed to protect us from terrorist attack are not necessary in this day and age."The more information about the programs the government has released, the more it has fed even greater concerns about the scope of the surveillance and whether Obama's national security team has been truthful in describing it publicly in the past.After the administration on Wednesday declassified more documents about an email mining program, Wyden said they showed the government had "repeatedly made inaccurate statements to Congress" about the effectiveness in countering terrorism. And new details released about the phone records program created new fodder for critics by confirming for the first time that, when investigating one suspected terrorist, the government can also examine records of people who called people who called the targeted individual — netting millions of people's records in a single request.Meanwhile, the head of the NSA openly clashed with lawmakers including Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., over the agency's statements that telephone and email data collection helped foil 54 terror plots.Rising tensions have stoked concern at the White House that surveillance programs Obama considers crucial will soon be undermined or even dismantled — despite the fact that many Democrats and Republicans in Congress have come to the NSA's defense.Leahy, the Judiciary Committee chairman, has threatened to seek to end the phone records program if it's not proven effective. And Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore., signaled Thursday that unless an agreement is reached on releasing more of the secret court's opinions, he would push Congress to use its "power of the purse" to compel their disclosure by withholding funding for certain programs.Even some staunch advocates for a tough national security stance have become outspoken critics, including Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner, R-Wis., who helped write the USA Patriot Act but now says the phone records collection goes far beyond what he envisioned and may not be renewed. Sensenbrenner was among the lawmakers who shared concerns in the session Thursday with Obama and top officials, including Biden, National Security Advisory Susan Rice and White House counsel Kathryn Ruemmler.The White House also was spooked by a House vote last week to dismantle the program, which failed by a narrow 217-205 margin.___Associated Press writer Richard Lardner contributed to this report.___Follow Josh Lederman on Twitter at http://twitter.com/joshledermanAPIsrael's president planned on Tuesday to announce a candidate to try to form a government after consultations he held with political parties left Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the apparent favourite with the most endorsements.  But the president, Reuven Rivlin, has wide discretion under law in making his choice.  Israel's election on March 23, its fourth in two years, ended with neither a Netanyahu-led right-wing and religious bloc nor a prospective alliance of his opponents winning a parliamentary majority.Before her interview with Howie Mandel on "The Ellen DeGeneres Show," Stewart still wasn't clear on what a "thirst trap" was.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Torrential rain sparked widespread destruction in eastern Indonesia and neighbouring East Timor.Retail stores across most of Greece were allowed to reopen Monday despite an ongoing surge in COVID-19 infections, as the country battles to emerge from deep recession.  Stores in greater Athens opened for pickup services only but remain closed in Greece's second- and third-largest cities, Thessaloniki and Patras, because of fears of a more serious spike in infections.  “Opening retail businesses ... will provide a decompression valve for our society and will help improve the implementation of (restrictive) measures,” government spokeswoman Aristoltelia Peloni said.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Florida or bust.Johnson & Johnson said it was "assuming full responsibility regarding the manufacturing of drug substance" at Emergent BioSolutions.Residents ordered to evacuate over fears for the pond in the Tampa Bay area, which stores 500 million gallons of water containing radium and uranium.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Federal authorities have charged a former Southwest Airlines pilot with indecent exposure for an incident they say occurred during a flight last August.  Michael Haak was the pilot in command of the plane during a flight from Philadelphia to Orlando, Florida, according to a one-page filing in federal district court in Maryland.  A Southwest spokeswoman said no passengers witnessed the incident; the pilots were the only people aboard aware of the incident.He is one of several Bollywood stars who have recently tested positive for coronavirus.Angela Kang tells Insider the show is working on a version of the Michonne/Elodie story line from "The Walking Dead" comic.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.The "Keeping Up With the Kardashians" star celebrated Easter by wearing Yeezy 450 slides, a product created by her estranged husband.After delays due to renovations, Kamala Harris' official residence - which has a pool, jogging track, and possibly a bunker - is finally ready.The next generation of men’s tennis remains a jumble of unrealized potential.  With Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer skipping the Miami Open, the tournament was expected to bring the game’s new faces into sharper focus.  Sunday’s match between No. 37-ranked Hubert Hurkacz and No. 31 Jannik Sinner was the first ATP Masters 1000 final since 2003 with two players ranked outside the top 30."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.The legislation comes amid questions from some lawmakers about how the NCHSAA oversees high school sports.I've followed the Meditteranean diet for years. From tons of red wine to low-fat foods, here's what people always get wrong about the lifestyle.Graham said he “had contact” with survivors and described their accounts as “chilling.” “The bottom line is they feel that they can’t come forth, they’ve been told to be quiet.”White House Press Secretary Jay Carney refuted that the administration is gagging survivors, telling Fox News last week, “I’m sure that the White House is not preventing anyone from speaking,”Graham does not buy it and is threatening to hold up all business in the upper chamber if the White House does not release the names of the survivors to Congress. Graham is urging his colleagues in the House to move forward and issue subpoenas of Benghazi survivors if the administration fails to release any information on them. “To our leadership in the House, you’re gonna have to up your game on Benghazi,” the South Carolina Republican said. Breitbart News first reported in December that Congressman Jason Chaffetz  (R-UT) was being stonewalled by the Obama administration from visiting the injured survivors of the Benghazi attack. Since then, Senator Graham has demanded the FBI turn over the interviews with the survivors to no avail. Graham, Senators John McCain (R-AZ), and Kelly Ayotte (R-NH) all called for a joint select committee to investigate the Benghazi assault, while Congressman Frank Wolf (R-VA) re-issued a second resolution to form a House Select committee to do the same. Wolf and Rep. Jim Gerlach (R-PA) demanded Sec. Kerry to hand over the contact information of all the State Department employees who worked at the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi when the attack occurred. Wolf’s resolution currently boasts over 60 co-sponsors.Congressman Mike Rogers (R-MI), chairman of the House Select Intelligence Committee, and Congressman Darrell Issa (R-CA), chairman of the House Government Oversight Committee, are looking forward to hear from Benghazi survivors as well.“We’ll get our chance to talk to Benghazi survivors and get the reports from the FBI. That will happen. I’m confident of that,” Chairman Rogers told Breitbart News. “We want to make sure people have a chance to heal first and we’ll have an opportunity to talk these people before this is over. I’m fairly comfortable this will happen,” he said.Chairman Issa noted that Secretary of State John Kerry’s visit to a Benghazi survivor opened the door for Congress to question anyone who was on the ground and survived the Benghazi attack. “We expected to speak with all the witnesses and the Benghazi survivors,” he told Breitbart News. “Now that Secretary Kerry has publicly, essentially a senator, in a post way, has chosen to visit with them, any claim that they’re not available at this point to Congress is unsupportable. And I look forward to oversight by all committees.” Any Benghazi survivor who talks to his committee would be protected from prosecution or job termination from the Obama administration, Rogers said. “We’ll make sure of that. That is whistle bower standard protection. If they’re fired for talking to us, there’ll be some hell to pay.”Issa agrees, saying, “Any kind of retaliation against any of the witnesses we’ve already had would not be tolerated.” Four Americans were killed on site when the U.S. mission in Benghazi was attacked, including U.S. ambassador Chris Stevens. Questions remain, however, as to the physical health of those who were evacuated from the U.S. compound. Rogers cannot confirm if any evacuee later succumbed to their injuries while being treated at medical facilities.The Michigan Republican explained, “Like I said, I don’t know. We’ll know before it’s over. My review is not over yet. We’re looking at all the information. We still have cables and emails that we still haven’t gone through one hundred percent yet. It’s voluminous.”  He added, “Were going through it painstakingly. I’m just an old FBI guy, so I’m going through it painstakingly to find to find the truth. My goal is to find the truth. And wherever those facts and leads takes us.”National SecurityBenghaziCongressWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byBy Ashley Parker and Jonathan MartinWASHINGTON — The Senate on Thursday approved the most significant overhaul of the nation’s immigration laws in a generation with broad support generated by a sense among leading Republicans that the party needed to join with Democrats to remove a wedge between Republicans and Hispanic voters.The strong 68-to-32 vote in the often polarized Senate tossed the issue into the House, where the Republican leadership has said that it will not take up the Senate measure and is instead focused on much narrower legislation that would not provide a path to citizenship for the 11 million unauthorized immigrants in the country. Party leaders hope that the Senate action will put pressure on the House.Leading up to the final votes, which the senators cast at their desks to mark the import of the moment, members of the bipartisan “Gang of Eight,” who drafted the framework of the legislation, took to the Senate floor to make a final argument for the measure. Among them was Senator Marco Rubio, Republican of Florida, who is one of his party’s leading Hispanic voices. When Mr. Rubio finished, the other senators in the group surrounded him on the floor, patting him on the back and offering words of encouragement. “Good job,” one said. “I’m proud of you,” another offered.The future will show whether voters in Republican presidential primaries share that pride.After Mitt Romney’s loss in November, top Republicans immediately began formulating a way to improve the party’s standing with Hispanics, who have flocked to Democrats. A group of top Republican political and business officials who support an immigration overhaul met at the downtown Washington office of the anti-tax leader Grover Norquist on Jan. 17 with memories of Mr. Romney’s poor showing in their minds.Optimism ran high at the session, which included Mr. Norquist, the former national party chairman Ed Gillespie and representatives of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and Republican “super PACs.” Reeling from a second consecutive presidential loss and with Mr. Rubio taking the place of Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, as the face of the immigration reform movement, the strategists were hopeful that the wall of conservative opposition that blocked immigration legislation under President George W. Bush could be breached.Now, even after the lopsided Senate vote, the prospects appear grim for the pro-overhaul Republicans. And Mr. Rubio, the 42-year-old Cuban-American who is seen as a prime White House contender in 2016, is confronting rising criticism from conservatives for pushing legislation with Democratic boogeymen like President Obama and Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York. “Before the Gang of Eight and the immigration debate, I think many conservatives as well as some establishment Republican folks saw Senator Rubio as a possible bridge candidate between the conservative Tea Party base of the G.O.P. and more establishment G.O.P. voters,” said Greg Mueller, a conservative public relations executive who opposed the Senate bill. “That position is on much shakier ground today because conservatives and the Tea Party see the immigration bill as a big-government piece of legislation resembling Obamacare.”Republicans strongly opposed to the immigration bill said they had little sympathy for Mr. Rubio.“I don’t think we’re doing any damage to him,” said Representative Tim Huelskamp, Republican of Kansas. “I think he’s done damage to himself with the amnesty bill.”Alex Conant, Mr. Rubio’s spokesman, said: “Immigration is a personal issue for Senator Rubio, and he took it on because he thought it was the right thing to do. There may be some political implications, especially in the short term, but it wasn’t an issue he believed he could ignore. We don’t expect any parades for our work on this.”On Thursday, Mr. Rubio had little cover from his party’s right flank, much less a parade.  Not wanting to tempt primary opponents next year, the top two Senate Republican leaders — Mitch McConnell of Kentucky and John Cornyn of Texas — cast “no” votes.  And a potential 2016 presidential primary rival for Mr. Rubio, Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, also voted against the legislation, despite making a show of announcing his general support for an immigration overhaul earlier in the year.The Senate bill provides a 13-year path to citizenship for the 11 million unauthorized immigrants in the country, as well as tough border security provisions that must be in place before the immigrants can gain legal status.The legislation — drafted largely behind closed doors by the group of eight senators — brought together an unlikely coalition of Democrats and Republicans; business groups and labor unions; farmworkers and growers; and Latino, gay rights and immigration advocates. Along the way, the legislation was shaped and tweaked in a series of back-room deals and negotiations that, in many ways, seemed to mirror its inception.As late as Wednesday night, several members of the bipartisan group, including Mr. McCain and his Republican colleague Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, as well as Mr. Schumer, found themselves calling Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey, trying to shore up support. In separate calls, the senators urged Mr. Christie to help persuade Senator Jeffrey S. Chiesa, Republican of New Jersey — newly appointed by Mr. Christie — to vote for the bill. (Mr. Chiesa was one of the 14 Republicans who voted “yes” on Thursday.)The first big deal on the legislation came at the end of March, when the nation’s top labor and business groups reached an agreement on a guest worker program for low-skilled immigrants. Disagreements between the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the A.F.L.-C.I.O. had helped doom a 2007 attempt at a similar overhaul, but the two groups came together to create a program that would expand and shrink based on economic indicators — like unemployment and job openings figures — and offer a maximum of 200,000 guest visas annually.The group of senators who wrote the legislation had originally hoped it would receive overwhelming bipartisan support — as many as 70 votes, some senators suggested — to help propel it through the House, and when the bill moved to the Senate Judiciary Committee, the group took pains to win bipartisan support there, too.The bill passed through the committee, in a process that stretched over five days and included the consideration of more than 300 amendments, on a strong 13-to-5 bipartisan vote. The bill’s largest, and perhaps most critical, change came in a package that promised to substantially bolster security along the nation’s southern border. The proposal, by Senators Bob Corker of Tennessee and John Hoeven of North Dakota, both Republicans, would devote about $40 billion over the next decade to border enforcement measures, including adding 20,000 Border Patrol agents and 700 miles of fencing along the southern border.The amendment, which passed Wednesday with broad bipartisan support, helped bring along more than a dozen reluctant Republicans. But even that measure does not seem to have altered firm House resistance to the Senate bill. Speaker John A. Boehner threw cold water on any hope that the House would vote on the Senate plan, and he insisted that whatever immigration measure his chamber took up would have to be supported by a majority of his Republican conference.“I issued a statement that I thought was pretty clear, but apparently some haven’t gotten the message: the House is not going to take up and vote on whatever the Senate passes,” he said Thursday morning. “We’re going to do our own bill.”As daunting to the pro-overhaul Republicans as Mr. Boehner’s apparent opposition is the structure of the Republican House majority, strategists say. More than 70 percent of districts held by House Republicans have a population that is 10 percent or less Hispanic, National Journal reported. And the Republican districts where there is a significant Hispanic population are in heavily conservative terrain in California and Texas. AdvertisementDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.The FBI has used drones for surveillance in limited cases over US soil, FBI Director Robert Mueller has told a US Senate committee.Mr Mueller said the agency had "very few" drones and had used them in "a very minimal way" and "very seldom". But the director said the FBI was in the "initial stages" of developing drone policies.The revelation comes amid a debate about how the US government balances privacy and national security.It recently emerged that America's electronic spying agency has been harvesting US phone records and overseas internet data.  Mr Mueller described the drone use in testimony on Wednesday to the US Senate judiciary committee. He was questioned on the matter by Iowa Republican Chuck Grassley. "I will tell you that our footprint is very small," said Mr Mueller, who is retiring in September after 12 years as FBI director.He said drones were used in "particular incidents where you need the capability", adding he was unsure how long images captured by the drones were kept.The panel's chairwoman, Sen Dianne Feinstein, told the FBI director she believes that unmanned planes are the biggest threat to Americans' privacy, especially their use by private firms.The authorities used a surveillance drone during a February stand-off with an Alabama man who shot dead a school bus driver and then took a five-year-old boy hostage, according to media reports at the time.Congress has ordered the Federal Aviation Administration to open up US airspace to unmanned aircraft by October 2015.The aerospace industry predicts there will be 30,000 drones deployed globally within five years, half of them in the US, the Associated Press news agency reports.In March, a Republican senator raised concerns about the use of drones against Americans.Kentucky's Rand Paul demanded a pledge that the federal government would not use such aircraft in the US to kill terror suspects who are American citizens.Sen Paul spoke without a pause on the issue for nearly 13 hours on the Senate floor, in a tactic known as a filibuster, to delay the nomination of a new CIA chief.In May, US President Barack Obama said he would curtail the use of armed drones in operations outside the US.Under the new policy described by the White House, the US will only allow drones to be used in areas that are not overt war zones when there was a "continuing, imminent threat" to the US and capture was not feasible.Enter the droneObama defends 'just' drones warUS hostage standoff police deployDrone filibuster delays CIA head nodPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'2Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy3Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?6England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April7I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version8Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'9Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.The immigration status of the Boston bombings suspects may become a stumbling block for a new bill that seeks to legalize nearly 11 million immigrants and increase the number of legal immigrants to the United States.Opponents of the bill—which was crafted by a bipartisan "Gang of Eight" in the Senate—and even some supporters, say the process of reforming the country's immigration system should be stalled until all the facts about the suspects' interactions with the immigration system are known.Both Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the two brothers accused of the Boston Marathon bombings, emigrated to the United States legally from Russia as refugees a decade ago when they were children. The Tsarnaev family, which is ethnically Chechen, was granted asylum because it feared persecution in its home country, according to media reports.Tamerlan's application for citizenship was put on hold in 2012 by the government, because he had been questioned by the FBI at the request of the Russian government for possible ties to Chechen terrorism, the New York Times reported. Dzhokhar's citizenship application was approved, and he naturalized in 2012.At a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing over the bill on Tuesday, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano defended immigration officials' handling of the Tsarnaevs, saying the process for granting asylum is rigorous."In the past four years we have increased both the number and the coverage of the vetting that goes on," Napolitano said. As things currently stand, she noted, those who seek asylum must go through multiple screening interviews and submit biometric data to be checked across government databases. If granted asylum and legal status, immigrants must go through two more interviews if they want to become citizens when they become eligible five years later.(Asylum applicants must show that they face government-sanctioned persecution in their home country stemming from their race, religion, nationality, political views or membership in a particular social group.)Napolitano argued that the immigration reform bill would make the country safer because the estimated 11 million undocumented immigrants in the country would be brought "out of the shadows" and screened. The bill requires immigrants to pass a background check before they are eligible for temporary legal status. They must pay fines and back taxes and enroll in English classes to gain permanent legal status.Opponents of the immigration bill have argued that the Tsarnaevs' alleged crime suggests that the current immigration system is unable to weed out potential terrorists, and that the process of crafting the bill should be slowed down to address that. If the bill is stalled until next fall, opponents hope it will be close enough to the next election that on-the-fence lawmakers will withdraw their support, effectively killing the bill. President Barack Obama has said he hopes the bill will pass this summer.Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, one of the most prominent opponents of legalizing immigrants, said at Monday's Senate Judiciary Committee hearing that the legalization process in the bill could present a national security threat."The background checks in this bill are insufficient from preventing a terrorist from getting amnesty," Kobach said.Supporters of the immigration reform bill say the argument is a specious excuse to delay the legislation."Unless we are able to design an immigration background check that can get into the minds of people and predict the future, then we won't be able to solve problems like this through immigration screening alone," said Lynn Tramonte of America's Voice, a pro-immigration advocacy group.It's also unclear how the immigration system could have known what two children seeking asylum with their family would do 10 years later.But even some lawmakers who have indicated their support for the bill have raised concern about the Boston suspects.Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, who has been a vocal supporter of immigration reform, wrote in a letter to Majority Leader Harry Reid that the immigration reform process should stop until all the facts are known about the intersection between the immigration system and the Tsarnaev brothers."Why did the current system allow two individuals to immigrate to the United States from the Chechen Republic in Russia, an area known as a hotbed of Islamic extremism, who then committed acts of terrorism? Were there any safeguards? Could this have been prevented? Does the immigration reform before us address this?" Paul asked.He said Congress should debate whether immigrants from "high-risk" nations should face more "scrutiny" and whether student visas for people from certain "high-risk" countries altogether should be discontinued.Sen. Dan Coats, R-Ind., said on ABC on Sunday that he hopes lawmakers will put the immigration debate "on hold" because of the bombing.Roy Beck of NumbersUSA, a group that opposes illegal immigration and wants to dramatically lower rates of legal immigration, said he thinks it's significant that Paul and Coats have called for slowing down the bill."The Boston bombing gives them a little more of a public reason to try to get this to slow down," Beck said.If the bill is delayed until the fall, Republicans and red-state Democrats might think it is too close to election season to support it, Beck predicts.The COVID vaccination site at Hialeah’s Babcock Park, a four-day pop-up site that opened last Wednesday, has had its run extended by at least one day.(Reuters) -The U.S. Supreme Court handed Alphabet Inc's Google a major victory on Monday, ruling that its use of Oracle Corp's software code to build the Android operating system that runs most of the world's smartphones did not violate federal copyright law.  In a 6-2 decision, the justices overturned a lower court's ruling that Google's inclusion of Oracle's software code in Android did not constitute a fair use under U.S. copyright law.Two reports from the CDC confirm most patients who died of COVID-19 in 2020 had other health problems and people of color were more likely to die.Former White House press secretary joins 'Justice with Judge Jeanine' with reactionJordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks rallied on Monday with the Dow and S&P 500 closing at record levels, as a round of strong economic data buoyed investor optimism for the economic reopening and a muted climb in the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield kept inflation worries in check.  An ISM survey for March showed a measure of U.S. services industry activity jumped to a record high.  The data followed Friday's report showing U.S. nonfarm payrolls surged by 916,000 jobs in March, trouncing forecasts.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.
Last year, I wrote a few posts intended to provide information - facts and figures - you can use when you hear someone making claims - claims that are widely held - but that are not true.  The problem with these false ideas is that they lead to legal and social changes that have bad consequences. For example, in the 108th Congress, the House of Representatives passed H.R. 4571, the Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2004. It did not pass the Senate.
So let's talk a bit about the supposed avalanche of frivolous lawsuits. This claim is being used to cut back on the right to sue for all sorts of even very serious injuries.

Consider, if there were an onslaught of frivolous lawsuits crowding our dockets, wouldn't you expect judges to be aware of the problem and even active in demanding a solution to the problem? Who better to know what a case is really about and whether it is frivolous or notl?
In fact, there is a study that asked judges about this issue conducted by the Federal Judicial Center. Never heard of the Federal Judicial Center? Well, here is a description:

          o conducting and promoting orientation and continuing education and training for federal judges, court employees, and others;
          o developing recommendations about the operation and study of the federal courts;
          o conducting and promoting research on federal judicial procedures, court operations, and history.
By statute, the Chief Justice of the United States chairs the Center's Board, which also includes the director of the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts and seven judges elected by the Judicial Conference. 
Hardly folks who could be called wild-eyed radicals.
In 2005, they issued a report on sanctionable behavior, and that includes the filing of frivolous lawsuits: Report of a Survey of United States District Judges' Experiences and Views Concerning Rule 11, Federal Rules of Civil Procedure by David Rauma &  Thomas E. Willging
The study - a survey of most of the federal judges - was performed, because many were claiming that frivolous lawsuits were common and that Federal Rule of Civil Procedure R. 11 needed to be beefed up. Rule 11 provides for sanctions for litigants, lawyers, and lawfirms who file suits where they have not done reasonable investigation into the facts and law and where there is not factual and legal support for their filings. Or as the study describes Rule 11.

Here is the study abstract:

The study asked judges whether frivolous lawsuits were a problem. The overwhelming majority said no. 

What is most interesting is that judges appointed more recently feel that way most strongly.
The overwhelming result was that Rule 11 sanctions should not be amended to be made harsher. Here are the more detailed results:

Judges' opinions about specific provisions in Rule 11 and the proposed legislation followed a similar pattern. The results indicated that relatively large majorities of the judges who responded to our survey have the following views about Rule 11:
* 85% strongly or moderately support Rule 11's safe harbor provision;
* 91% oppose the proposed requirement that sanctions be imposed for every Rule 11 violation;
* 84% disagree with the proposition that an award of attorney fees should be mandatory for every Rule 11 violation.
Unfortunately, I cannot provide a link that gets you directly to the study. You can find it by going here and doing a search for sanctions.President Obama's staff has unmasked and fired a national security official who tweeted critical comments under a pseudonym.Jofi Joseph, tweeting under the handle @natsecwonk, once wrote: "I'm a fan of Obama, but his continuing reliance and dependence upon a vacuous cipher like Valerie Jarrett concerns me."A federal law enforcement official, who was not authorized to commeny on the matter, told USA TODAY that Joseph is not under investigation, as has been reportedOther Obama staff members and officials — including Secretary of State John Kerry and former National Security adviser Tom Donilon — had also been targeted by @natsecwonk, which was shut down last week.The secret Twitter feed also raised questions about the administration's handling of the 2012 attack on a U.S. facility in Benghazi, Libya.The Daily Beast, which broke the story, reported that Joseph, who is well known in national security circles, "has also worked at the State Department and on Capitol Hill for Senators Bob Casey (D-Pa.) and (Vice President) Joe Biden. Until recently, he was part of the administration's team working on negotiations with Iran."Of course, Joseph also insulted Republicans on his mystery Twitter feed: "So when will someone do us the favor of getting rid of Sarah Palin and the rest of her white trash family? What utter useless garbage .... "Politico reported on the investigation into Joseph's Twitter activities:"After a probe that included an investigation into Joseph's travel and shopping patterns — parsed from over 2,000 tweets — lawyers from the White House counsel's office confronted Joseph and ordered him to leave the executive complex, according to two sources familiar with the situation. Joseph had been scheduled to rotate out of White House duty to a senior job in the Pentagon, an administration official told Politico."A federal law enforcement official, who was not authorized to comment on the matter, told USA TODAY that Joseph is not under investigation.apparently, at least according to one Red State diary by a John Hayward, published November 7th, 2013.    LinkThis was a long, Very Serious, examination of the reasons why the "conservatism" of the Tea Party doesn't resonate with single women, and what can be done about it.  Opening statement (italics in original):Maybe I shouldn't be surprised that anyone would think this in this country, much less say it aloud, but here it is:Now I'm not quite sure how that's supposed to appeal to single women.  It seems to me that if you just go ahead and disenfranchise single women (or blacks, or Latinos, or poor people, or people who don't drive for whatever reason), well then, that solves your problem right there. No need to have policies or platforms that appeal to people who can't vote, right?  So it's kind of illogical on its face.  But it's also just mind-bogglingly bizarro as well.A couple of quotes from the comments:Now my little diary doesn't explore the author's myriad reasons why single women are the problem, but here's his opening generalization:I can only conclude that it's because what Kos always says about our base, if our people vote WE WIN.Thanks for listening.  I was partly practicing block quotes and links.  If I have overstepped the rules for linking to Mr Hayward's diary I stand properly chastised.[Update]  Wow, Rec List.  Thanks everyone!The tea party returned to Capitol Hill on Wednesday, but this time the don’t-tread-on-me crowd trod upon one of its own.Much of the scene was familiar: the yellow flags, the banners protesting tyranny and socialism, the demands to impeach President Obama and to repeal Obamacare. But there was a new target of the conservatives’ ire: Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and his “amnesty” plan for illegal immigrants. The loathing of this onetime darling of the movement — Rubio rode the tea party wave to office in 2010 — could be seen in the homemade signs on the East Lawn of the Capitol proclaiming, “Rubio RINO” (Republican In Name Only) and “Rubio Lies, Americans Die.” Rubio antagonism became a main theme of the event, held by Republican Reps. Steve King (Iowa), Louie Gohmert (Tex.), Michele Bachmann (Minn.) and other opponents of the bipartisan Senate immigration legislation that Rubio negotiated.The lawmakers called to the microphone the Heritage Foundation’s Robert Rector, who delivered a sustained rebuke of the turncoat. “Marco Rubio,” he charged, “has not read his own bill.”A chorus of boos rose from the crowd of several hundred.Rector mocked the claim that the legislation wouldn’t cost taxpayers money.“Liars! Liars!” the crowd replied.“Senator Rubio says that [illegal immigrants] are going to have to pay a penalty, ’cause this bill is tough,” Rector said, derisively.“Boo! Liar! Liar!”“The thing I find most offensive of all is Senator Rubio’s staff saying that we need to have more low-skill immigrants because American workers can’t cut it,” Rector went on.“That’s a lie! Lies! Boo!”Rector asked rhetorically how many undocumented immigrants would receive government benefits. “How about seven, Senator Rubio, 7 million illegal immigrants?”“Primary Rubio!” somebody in the crowd shouted.The speed with which the tea party turned on Rubio is stunning, beginning earlier this year with complaints from conservative commentators and now open mockery at a Capitol Hill rally. House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) declared this week that the House won’t take up an immigration bill that doesn’t have majority support in the Republican caucus, which means the “Gang of Eight” Senate bill that Rubio sponsored wouldn’t get a vote.The immigration event was essentially a bid by the lawmakers to hijack the crowd of about 1,000 (respectable, if a faint echo of the 2009 and 2010 crowds) that was already assembling at the Capitol on Wednesday for a tea party rally against the IRS on the other side of the building. Calling their event a rally might have been too obvious a theft, so the lawmakers staged an all-day “press conference” (which had the benefit of less-stringent permitting requirements).This was a news conference unlike any other. It ran from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. (with a two-hour break to minimize overlap with the other rally), began with a prayer, included chants of “USA! USA!” and featured politicians holding babies onstage. In the audience, a sea of homemade signs announced “Legalized = Invasion” and “The Melting Pot Floweth Over” and “Exporting Illegals = Importing Jobs for Americans” and “God Will Take Care of Them There: Close the Borders.”The few reporters who did pose questions during the extravaganza were cheered or booed based on their employers: an extended ovation for a reporter from the conservative Breitbart News Web site, jeers for Lisa Desjardins of CNN and cascading boos for a Huffington Post reporter.The gimmick was a big draw, luring so many from the IRS protest that Capitol Police complained of a crowding problem for the supposed news conference. Gohmert rallied opposition to Boehner, saying the speaker’s assurances to conservatives on immigration leave room for “a betrayal.”“Get rid of him!” people shouted from the crowd.Bachmann further stirred up the activists by telling them that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) is accelerating a vote on the legislation because of “falling support for the Gang of Eight immigration reform bill.”But the press-conference format, and the shortage of reporters willing to play along, created an open-mike situation. A man claiming to be from the Pittsburgh tea party asked about “the illegal people” and whether the government could find out “who they’re calling back in their home countries and to whom they’re sending money, American money.”Heritage’s Rector fielded that question. “I regard my vote as something like a property right,” he said, “and when you give it out willy-nilly and freely to people whose claim on that property right is that they broke our laws, I feel deeply insulted. And I say, ‘You stole from me!’ ”The cheers that followed could be heard clearly on the Senate side of the Capitol. Twitter: @Milbank  Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.  Read more on this topic:  Greg Sargent: CBO takes away another anti-immigration talking point  Jennifer Rubin: Why immigration reform isn’t hurting Rubio  Robert Kagan: Immigration reform can prove U.S. strength  The Post’s View: Sen. John Cornyn’s poison pill on immigration reform  Esther J. Cepeda: The Republicans’ Latino superstars We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.[The premise of this diary has been debunked by Snopes.](From the diaries -- kos)It's their right under the 1st Amendment.Akre and Wilson refused and threatened to report Fox's actions to the FCC, they were both fired.August 18, 2000, a unanimous Florida jury found that Akre was wrongfully fired by Fox Television when she refused to broadcast (in the jury's words) “a false, distorted or slanted story”  The jury awarded her $425,000 in damages.FOX appealed the case, and on February 14, 2003 the Florida Second District Court of Appeals  overturned the settlement awarded to Akre.Now the immigration debate is really getting juicy. Rep. Steve King, an Iowa Republican, has always been a bit of a melon head, but he outdid himself in an interview that came to light this week in which he described “DREAMers” — people brought to this country illegally as children — as misshapen drug mules. “For every one who’s a valedictorian, there’s another 100 out there that — they weigh 130 pounds and they’ve got calves the size of cantaloupes because they’re hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert,” the honorable gentleman said.Cantaloupe calves? This was a rotten tomato tossed at Latinos, who were already suspicious of Republicans before the insult was added to the injury of House conservatives such as King blocking action on bipartisan immigration legislation. “Hateful,” said House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio). “Inexcusable,” said Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.). King kept on throwing. “It’s not something that I’m making up,” he told Radio Iowa on Tuesday evening, hours after a Democrat who had discovered the recent interview with Newsmax read the offending comments aloud at a congressional hearing. “We have people that are mules, that are drug mules, that are hauling drugs across the border and you can tell by their physical characteristics what they’ve been doing for months, going through the desert with 75 pounds of drugs on their back. And if those who advocate for the DREAM Act, if they choose to characterize this about valedictorians, I gave them a different image.”King certainly gave his colleagues a different image: that of a Republican Party driven into extinction in coming decades because it antagonized what is becoming the most important voting bloc. Even his usual conservative partners moved to isolate him. “Irresponsible and reprehensible,” Rep. Raul Labrador (Idaho) said at a luncheon gathering with reporters called Conversations with Conservatives. “I think what he said was out of touch with the [GOP] conference.” In lieu of a defense of King, Labrador scolded the assembled journalists for their reporting on King’s out-of-his-gourd remark but not the favorable things other Republicans say about immigrants. “Shame on you. Shame on the media,” he lectured. “Make sure that your article talks about what every Republican said,” Labrador proposed, “not what one outlier said.” This is similar to scolding the media for focusing on the one plane that crashes and not giving equal attention to all the planes that land safely. More to the point, it’s not at all clear that King is such an outlier. Certainly, his zany remarks are low-hanging fruit for journalists. Just last week, he got into a heated exchange with a Univision host who asked about a speech in which King likened immigrants to a litter of puppies. “You want a good bird dog?” he asked. “Pick the one that’s the friskiest. . . . You get the pick of the litter and you got yourself a pretty good bird dog. Well, we’ve got the pick of every donor civilization on the planet.” But if Republicans think King is a fruitcake, they don’t show it on the House floor, where last month they approved, along party lines, an amendment King offered that would force the Obama administration to resume deportation of the DREAMers who immigrated as children. “If this position holds, no amnesty will reach the president’s desk,” the congressman said in a celebratory statement after the vote. And King’s position is holding. Boehner, responding to House conservatives, is refusing to take up the Senate legislation. Because he has chosen a strategy of passing legislation through the House without Democratic votes, the speaker can’t afford to lose more than a handful of Republicans. This empowers “outliers” such as King. “The reason we’re in a bottleneck here in Congress is because of a few like him,” Rep. Rubén Hinojosa (D-Tex.), chairman of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, told me Wednesday afternoon at a caucus event outside the Capitol. “Evidently there’s enough to be able to force the speaker of the House to stall and not be able to do this immigration reform.”Republicans say their objections to the immigration bill have nothing to do with racial or ethnic discrimination, and that’s surely the case for most of them. But King makes it easy for Democrats to tar the Republicans with sinister motives. Rep. Ben Luján (D-N.M.), one of several speakers denouncing King on the House floor Wednesday, said his slur shows why “the American people continue to see House Republicans as out of touch.”That’s not quite fair. But when one of their own is talking about cantaloupe calves, Republicans aren’t in a strong position to complain about cherry-picking. Twitter: @Milbank  Read more from Dana Milbank’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook.  Read more:  Jennifer Rubin: GOP leaders slam Rep. King’s racist comments  Greg Sargent: Steve King’s twisted immigration math We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.In a Capitol Hill hallway leading to the Senate floor on Tuesday, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid had just finished telling reporters that no Republican would delay a vote to fund the government. But then Texas GOP Sen. Ted Cruz, carrying a stack of papers under his arm, strolled past him toward the door of the chamber. Cruz turned his head toward the gaggle of reporters around Reid and walked through the doors onto the floor, where he stopped at his desk on the far-right corner of the room.“I intend to speak about defunding Obamacare until I am unable to stand,” he declared.With his colleague Utah Sen. Mike Lee on his left and an aide on his right, Cruz began what is expected to be an hourslong speech that could last late into the night about the importance of gutting the federal health care law that President Barack Obama signed in 2010.Cruz’s move has all the looks of an old-fashioned filibuster, but it’s technically just a very long speech that will draw attention and focus to his cause. In this case, he will be delaying a vote on a bill to fund the government that, when the Democrat-controlled Senate is finished with it, will include funding for the health care law, but he won't derail it. According to Reid's spokesman Adam Jentleson, Cruz "negotiated the terms" of his speech with the Democratic majority leader before taking the floor. Congress must approve a bill that sets federal spending rates by Oct. 1, or the government will shut down. For months, Cruz and a small group of conservative Republicans have called on their party to refuse to fund the government unless spending on the president's signature domestic policy win is stripped, even if it means shutting down the government. Among Republicans in the upper chamber, there aren't many takers.At about the same time that Cruz began his speech, Senate Republican Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, who doesn’t support the Texas lawmaker's filibuster-esque strategy, voiced clear disapproval with the delay tactic. Without Cruz’s objection, Senate Republicans could have given up their time to debate the funding bill, which would have sped up the voting process.Because Cruz chose to use up most of that time, the Senate won’t be able to return its version of the funding bill back to the House until Sunday night — just a day before the shutdown deadline — eliminating the leverage House Republicans might have had in the debate.“It would be to the advantage to our colleagues in the House who are in the majority to shorten the process, and if the majority leader were to ask us to shorten the process, I would not object,” McConnell told reporters in the first moments of Cruz’s speech. “I don’t know who else in the conference may feel differently. But I do know that if the House doesn’t get what we send over until Monday, they’re in a pretty tough spot.”When House lawmakers return to Capitol Hill that day, they will be asked to vote on what the Senate has sent them: a government spending bill that includes funding for Obamacare. They will have a choice to whether pass the bill as is, or change it and send it back to the Senate and risk a shutdown.If the bar for success is actually defunding Obamacare, Cruz's effort is almost sure to fail. Senate Democrats and the president have made clear they will not approve any legislation that defunds the law, even if it means bringing the nation to the brink of a shutdown.But that’s really not the point.By making himself into a stalwart on the issue who is at odds with members of his own party on the approach, Cruz is setting himself up to be a hero of the party’s conservative base who want lawmakers to eliminate the health care law at all costs.To that end, Cruz’s exercise will be a success.The COVID vaccination site at Hialeah’s Babcock Park, a four-day pop-up site that opened last Wednesday, has had its run extended by at least one day.(Reuters) -The U.S. Supreme Court handed Alphabet Inc's Google a major victory on Monday, ruling that its use of Oracle Corp's software code to build the Android operating system that runs most of the world's smartphones did not violate federal copyright law.  In a 6-2 decision, the justices overturned a lower court's ruling that Google's inclusion of Oracle's software code in Android did not constitute a fair use under U.S. copyright law.Two reports from the CDC confirm most patients who died of COVID-19 in 2020 had other health problems and people of color were more likely to die.Former White House press secretary joins 'Justice with Judge Jeanine' with reactionJordan accused the prince of colluding with outside parties in a plot aimed at the country's stability, a day after placing him under house arrest.People from ethnic minorities win in all four individual film categories for the first time.NEW YORK (Reuters) -U.S. stocks rallied on Monday with the Dow and S&P 500 closing at record levels, as a round of strong economic data buoyed investor optimism for the economic reopening and a muted climb in the 10-year U.S. Treasury yield kept inflation worries in check.  An ISM survey for March showed a measure of U.S. services industry activity jumped to a record high.  The data followed Friday's report showing U.S. nonfarm payrolls surged by 916,000 jobs in March, trouncing forecasts.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.A New York man charged with assaulting a 65-year-old Asian woman in a hate crime was scheduled to appear before a Manhattan Criminal Court judge on Monday, as community activists demonstrated outside.  Police have identified Brandon Elliot, 38, as the man seen in a video kicking the woman to the ground and then kicking her head several times on March 29 near Times Square in Manhattan.  Elliot, on lifetime parole after serving a prison term for murdering his mother, was arraigned last week on two charges of second-degree assault as a hate crime and one count of first-degree attempted assault as a hate crime.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problem"Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Ruben Navarrette: Rep. Don Young used an ethnic slur to describe Mexican immigrants Navarrette: The "w-word" is just as offensive as the "n-word" and yet it's still being usedHe says political opportunism is alive and well as liberals pounced on Young Navarrette: Politicians aren't the only ones who cross the line in using loaded terms
      Editor’s Note: Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a CNN contributor and a nationally syndicated columnist with the Washington Post Writers Group. Follow him on Twitter: @rubennavarrette. 
    
  In a recent interview on Ketchikan Public Radio in Alaska, Rep. Don Young, the state’s only congressman, offered this unhelpful tidbit:

  “My father had a ranch; we used to have 50-60 wet—- to pick tomatoes. It takes two people to pick the same tomatoes now. It’s all done by machine.”  

  There it is – the equivalent of what Groucho Marx used to call “the secret word.” It’s a word that is so offensive that I won’t say or write it in the long form – although many people do so freely, which is a problem. 

  Just as Americans have been conditioned to refer to the “n-word” as a sanitized alternative to the filthy and hurtful long-form version, so we too should start referring to the “w-word” when describing that ethnic slur used to describe Mexican immigrants who came here, shall we say, without proper documents.  

  I started this crusade in April 2007 with a column for CNN.com. In it, I pointed out that the w-word is used with reckless abandon by right-wing cable talk show hosts but also left-wing journalists and celebrities. I couldn’t imagine these folks using the long form of the n-word even if they were merely repeating what someone else had said. Yet they did not hesitate to use the w-word.

  This tells us at least two things. 

  One, for many Americans, the w-word isn’t as ugly or offensive as the n-word. 

  And two, in the minds of the uninformed, Mexicans and Mexican-Americans in the Southwest don’t have the same legacy of racism, discrimination and mistreatment that affected African-Americans.

  The experiences aren’t identical, of course. But given that Mexicans in states such as California, Arizona and Texas endured Jim Crow-style segregation, job discrimination, inferior public schools, lynchings and hate crimes and repression by racist law enforcement organizations, there are similarities. 

  Liberals couldn’t wait to pounce on Young’s remarks, spreading the word (literally) and making sure the media knew that – gasp! – a Republican congressman had referred to Mexican immigrants using the w-word. For Democrats, who are used to getting Hispanic votes without having to earn them and want to keep it that way by pointing out how bad Republicans are, it was like Christmas in springtime. 

  It didn’t help the GOP that Young was clueless about what he done wrong. After the first round of criticism, the lawmaker tried to brush off the controversy by saying only that he had “used a term that was commonly used during my days growing up on a farm in Central California” and that he “meant no disrespect.”

  That’s funny. I grew up around farms in Central California. And, I can tell you, that term is all about disrespect. 

  After fellow Republicans blasted Young for his comments and demanded that he apologize, the congressman swallowed his pride. In a statement, Young wrote: “I apologize for the insensitive term I used during an interview in Ketchikan, Alaska. There was no malice in my heart or intent to offend; it was a poor choice of words. That word, and the negative attitudes that come with it, should be left in the 20th century, and I’m sorry that this has shifted our focus away from comprehensive immigration reform.”

  If Young’s comments did shift the focus, it wasn’t for long.

  Over the weekend, business groups and organized labor signaled a major breakthrough on the road to comprehensive immigration reform when they announced they had finally struck a deal on guest worker visas, a major obstacle. All that remains now is for the Senate’s “Gang of Eight” to unveil their bipartisan legislation by their April 8 deadline. 

  I’m glad to see Republicans jumped on Young for his comments. But where is this outrage when other GOP lawmakers flirt with ethnic demagoguery?

  And what about Democrats? They were in such a hurry to condemn Young for using the w-word that they missed the fact that they were repeating the word over and over again, which suggests either that they’re tone deaf or that they weren’t as offended as they pretended to be. 

  What we learn is that while leadership on matters of race and ethnicity is hard to find in either party, political opportunism is alive and well.

  Let’s face it. Americans are not good when it comes to condemning the loaded language of race and ethnicity. We’re not careful. We’re not consistent. And we’re not sincere. It’s part of an overall breakdown in civility in our society and how dismissive we have become of anyone who raises concern. We’re too mean, too childish, too petty and too personal. 

  Just look at the shameful way that MSNBC commentator Toure Neblett recently lit into Dr. Ben Carson, a pediatric neurosurgeon and black conservative who has been critical of President Barack Obama. Toure all but called Carson an Uncle Tom, insisting that this accomplished individual who spoke his mind was Republicans’ token “black friend” because he helps white people “assuage their guilt.”

  It’s never a good idea for one person of color to assess the authenticity of another – especially if it’s just for ratings.

  Carson likewise stepped in it when he offered his opinion on gay marriage by drawing comparisons that were harsh and inappropriate. 

  During a recent interview on Fox News Channel, he said this: “Well, my thoughts are that marriage is between a man and a woman. It’s a well-established, fundamental pillar of society and no group, be they gays, be they NAMBLA, be they people who believe in bestiality. It doesn’t matter what they are. They don’t get to change the definition.”

  Insisting that marriage be defined in a certain way is fine. Equating same-sex marriage with behavior that society has declared deviant and criminal is not. 

  It turns out that elected officials aren’t the only ones who sometimes cross the line with their words and should apologize for it.

  Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter.

  Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion.  

  The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.AdvertisementSupported byEditorialBy The Editorial BoardEvery Monday since April, thousands of North Carolina residents have gathered at the State Capitol to protest the grotesque damage that a new Republican majority has been doing to a tradition of caring for the least fortunate. Nearly 700 people have been arrested in the “Moral Monday” demonstrations, as they are known. But the bad news keeps on coming from the Legislature, and pretty soon a single day of the week may not be enough to contain the outrage.In January, after the election of Pat McCrory as governor, Republicans took control of both the executive and legislative branches for the first time since Reconstruction. Since then, state government has become a demolition derby, tearing down years of progress in public education, tax policy, racial equality in the courtroom and access to the ballot.The cruelest decision by lawmakers went into effect last week: ending federal unemployment benefits for 70,000 residents. Another 100,000 will lose their checks in a few months. Those still receiving benefits will find that they have been cut by a third, to a maximum of $350 weekly from $535, and the length of time they can receive benefits has been slashed from 26 weeks to as few as 12 weeks.The state has the fifth-highest unemployment rate in the country, and many Republicans insulted workers by blaming their joblessness on generous benefits. In fact, though, North Carolina is the only state that has lost long-term federal benefits, because it did not want to pay back $2.5 billion it owed to Washington for the program. The State Chamber of Commerce argued that cutting weekly benefits would be better than forcing businesses to pay more in taxes to pay off the debt, and lawmakers blindly went along, dropping out of the federal program.At the same time, the state is also making it harder for future generations of workers to get jobs, cutting back sharply on spending for public schools. Though North Carolina has been growing rapidly, it is spending less on schools now than it did in 2007, ranking 46th in the nation in per-capita education dollars. Teacher pay is falling, 10,000 prekindergarten slots are scheduled to be removed, and even services to disabled children are being chopped.“We are losing ground,” Superintendent June Atkinson said recently, warning of a teacher exodus after lawmakers proposed ending extra pay for teachers with master’s degrees, cutting teacher assistants and removing limits on class sizes.Republicans repealed the Racial Justice Act, a 2009 law that was the first in the country to give death-row inmates a chance to prove they were victims of discrimination. They have refused to expand Medicaid and want to cut income taxes for the rich while raising sales taxes on everyone else. The Senate passed a bill that would close most of the state’s abortion clinics.And, naturally, the Legislature is rushing to impose voter ID requirements and cut back on early voting and Sunday voting, which have been popular among Democratic voters. One particularly transparent move would end a tax deduction for dependents if students vote at college instead of their hometowns, a blatant effort to reduce Democratic voting strength in college towns like Chapel Hill and Durham.North Carolina was once considered a beacon of farsightedness in the South, an exception in a region of poor education, intolerance and tightfistedness. In a few short months, Republicans have begun to dismantle a reputation that took years to build.AdvertisementThe virulent meme spread across our nation with increasing frequency by Republicans and their racist adherents is that "anti-racism" is a code for "anti-white." This is part of a larger pattern of stigmatization of any groups or efforts made to address and redress the racial inequities we still face, and there are myriad variations on the theme, including "reverse racism," "reverse discrimination" and "playing the race card" or simply a dismissal of anyone who attempts to combat racism by labeling them a racist.Far too frequently we see headlines blasting racist blatherings by Republican politicians and party officials, local, state and national, and their faithful followers repeat these falsities ad nauseam on internet forums, in LTE's, newspaper comments and in personal conversations among family, friends and co-workers.Just use your favorite search engine. It takes but a minute to turn up examples, which are distributed geographically: Texas Republican Official Peter Morrison Talks Secession, Reverse Racism (Jasper, Texas), GOP Rep. Goes on a Racial Rant (Montana), Racist Rant Gets GOP Chairman in Hot Water (Illinois).This claptrap has now made its way onto a billboard in Harrison, Arkansas.Since Daily Kos is a reality-based community, with a readership that has an interest in history, I thought it might be useful to discuss some of the facts with which you might wish to arm yourselves when confronted by this seemingly endless font of bigotry. This is in hopes that in some small way, when faced with any of these memes in the course of daily interactions, online or in real-life mode, you can at least put paid to a few of the most egregious lies and distortions.No guarantee that pushback will change the minds of die-hard bigots, but we never know when facts may fall onto fertile ground, so we need to keep pushing them.Follow me below the fold for more.   The organization that takes the hardest hit from those who clearly want to distort its message and purpose is the venerable NAACP, the oldest of the nation's civil rights organizations.Headlines like, "House freshman calls NAACP chief 'racist' in email", "Extremist Hate Group NAACP wants Robert E. Lee’s picture taken down in Florida" (I'm not linking to the hate site that houses this gem) abound, and whoever the current head of both the national (currently Benjamin  Jealous, whose dad is white) or local NAACP groups is at the time, they are the target of warped Teapublican poutrages.Other newer organizations, like the Southern Poverty Law Center, garner their fair share of sewage from both racists and anti-semites alike, since they were founded by Morris Dees (who is not Jewish but is attacked as if he is), and Joseph J. Levin, Jr.I'm a card-carrying member of the NAACP and have always been fascinated by its history.  The Race Riot of 1908 in Abraham Lincoln's hometown of Springfield, Illinois had highlighted the urgent need for an effective civil rights organization in the U.S. This event is often cited as the catalyst for the formation of the NAACP. Mary White Ovington, journalist William English Walling and Henry Moskowitz met in New York City in January 1909 and the NAACP was born. Solicitations for support went out to more than 60 prominent Americans, and a meeting date was set for February 12, 1909. This was intended to coincide with the 100th anniversary of the birth of President Abraham Lincoln, who emancipated enslaved African Americans. While the meeting did not take place until three months later, this date is often cited as the founding date of the organization.The NAACP was founded on February 12, 1909 by a diverse group composed of W. E. B. Du Bois, Ida B. Wells, Archibald Grimké, Henry Moskowitz, Mary White Ovington, Oswald Garrison Villard, William English Walling (the last son of a former slave-holding family),Florence Kelley, a social reformer and friend of Du Bois, and Charles Edward Russell, a renowned muckraker and close friend of Walling who helped plan the NAACP and served as acting chairman of the National Negro Committee (1909), a forerunner to the NAACP.On May 30, 1909, the Niagara Movement conference took place at New York City's Henry Street Settlement House, from which an organization of more than 40 individuals emerged, calling itself the National Negro Committee. Du Bois played a key role in organizing the event and presided over the proceedings. Also in attendance was African-American journalist and anti-lynching crusader Ida B. Wells-Barnett. At its second conference on May 30, 1910, members chose as the organization's name the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and elected its first officers, who were:    National President, Moorfield Storey, Boston
    Chairman of the Executive Committee, William English Walling
    Treasurer, John E. Milholland (a Lincoln Republican and Presbyterian from New York)
    Disbursing Treasurer, Oswald Garrison Villard
    Executive Secretary, Frances Blascoer
    Director of Publicity and Research, Dr. W. E. B. Du Bois. ...On September 3, 1908 she read an article written by Republican William English Walling, also a Liberal, entitled "Race War in the North" in The Independent. Walling described a massive race riot directed at black residents in the hometown of Abraham Lincoln, Springfield, Illinois that led to seven deaths, the destruction of 40 homes and 24 businesses, and 107 indictments against rioters. Walling ended the article by calling for a powerful body of citizens to come to the aid of blacks. Ovington responded to the article by writing Walling and meeting at his apartment in New York City along with social worker Dr. Henry Moskowitz. The group decided to launch a campaign by issuing a call for a national conference on the civil and political rights of African-Americans on the centennial of Lincoln’s birthday, February 12, 1909...After the war, Ovington served the NAACP as board member, executive secretary and chairman. The NAACP fought a long legal battle against segregation and racial discrimination in housing, education, employment, voting and transportation. They appealed to the Supreme Court to rule that several laws passed by southern states were unconstitutional and won three important judgments between 1915-1923 concerning voting rights and housing...Ovington retired as a board member of the NAACP in 1947, ending 38 years of service with the organization. She died on July 15, 1951.In 1906, following a trip to Russia to report on the abortive Russian Revolution of 1905 he married Anna Strunsky, a Jewish immigrant and an aspiring novelist from San Francisco. In 1908 he published Russia's Message, a book inspired by the social unrest he and his wife had observed in Russia. In 1908 Walling and his wife went to Springfield, Illinois to investigate a race riot. As a result of their investigations, Walling wrote an article The Race War in the North for the September 3 issue of The Independent, in which he stated, “the spirit of the abolitionists, of Lincoln and Lovejoy, must be revived and we must come to treat the negro on a plane of absolute political and capitalist equality.” He also appealed for a “large and powerful body of citizens to come to their aid.” The article directly led to the founding of the NAACP.I always find it odd that no one on the right has ever accused me of being "anti-black" because of my membership to a whole range of mainly "white" organizations over the years, from the ACLU to the AARP. In fact, no one ever calls them "white" groups at all, they are just "groups," because white is the norm that needs no descriptor in our society, one must add an adjective to describe anything else.I've voted for white presidents and white senators, attended mostly white colleges and universities, with the exception of Howard University in Washington, D.C. Howard, due to its history and founding purpose, is "a historically black college" (HBCU), which of course obfuscates the fact it has over the years graduated white students, especially from the medical school during a time when Ivy League med schools had a Jewish quota. Howard was founded by a white man—Oliver O. Howard, for whom it is named. I remember having a conversation with Harris Wofford during the time he was the president of SUNY Old Westbury, before he became a senator from Pennsylvania. He mentioned having attended Howard Law school.The history of the civil rights movement in this country is one that has been forged out of the activism of people of all backgrounds. I'm always surprised when people question me about my former membership in the Black Panther Party, assuming it was anti-white, simply because of it having "black" in the name, and its militancy. Yet anyone familiar with the history of the Rainbow Coalition forged by Fred Hampton knows that to be a lie as well.So next time you encounter someone, online or in real life, spreading faux propaganda about the NAACP or any anti-racist group, hit them with the facts.Better still, if you are white, why not join me in becoming a card-carrying NAACP member. Then you can show them your "card" for real.CHICAGO — Mitt Romney is back — and so is his foot. As reported in The Wall Street Journal, Romney is planning on re-emerging in ways that will “help shape national priorities,” such as assisting the Republican Party as it tries to regain its footing with the non-white voters who ignored the GOP standard-bearer at the polls in 2012.Yes, the man known for favoring the term “self-deportation” and offending scores of Hispanics by using the word “illegals” over and over again during prime-time presidential debates wants to give Republicans advice on reaching out to minorities.Romney told the Journal that in addition to wishing his campaign had poured more money into ads targeting Hispanic voters, the GOP needs “to translate our message in a way that minorities understand.”Honestly, of all the slips Romney committed during last year’s campaign — from letting his staffers tell Spanish-language media that he was struggling with Latinos because they were simply not well-informed to never calling out his fellow Republicans for using degrading language when speaking about immigrants or Hispanics — this latest is probably the most insulting.Some Latino advocates spent the year leading up to the election painting him as a racist for not compromising on his views toward illegal immigration. But I always thought his biggest failure as a candidate was his inability to connect with people who aren’t rich and privileged. His terrible tone-deafness for non-whites was a close second.Let’s unpack his recent comment starting with the tricky, loaded word “translate.” My first impression was that Romney used the word because he, like so many others, still believes that most Hispanics can’t speak English. Can someone please get this man on the Pew Hispanic Center’s email list? Almost two-thirds of Hispanics report speaking only English, or speaking it very well, according to the nonpartisan research organization. That sounds touchy, you say? Well, what else could he have meant? The GOP’s 2012 platform said the party wanted to “rebuild the economy and create jobs, reform government to serve the people and build healthy families, great schools and safe neighborhoods.” These concepts don’t need to be broken down into some simplified code so minorities can make sense of them. And this is the second hot button Romney’s statement pushes. Did he not hear about how a leading Republican think tank, the Heritage Foundation, ticked off Latinos when it became known that an anti-immigration reform study was co-authored by a researcher who had authored a Harvard Ph.D. dissertation contending Hispanics have particularly low IQs? A mere month after that deeply offensive controversy is not the time to imply that minorities have a hard time comprehending the basic tenets of an organization’s values and need special help to understand.Actually, it’s Republicans such as Phyllis Schlafly and Pat Buchanan — who have suggested that what the GOP really needs is to double-down on white voters and lamented that “white folks are losing interest in politics and voting” — who need someone to translate for them. Schlafly, Buchanan and others who find it silly that some Republicans think immigration reform will send Latino voters into the arms of the GOP aren’t wrong to be skeptical about such a proposition. It’s a long shot at best and Republicans are better off banking on the fact that Latinos care more about education, the economy, health care and the federal budget deficit than immigration. But Hispanics, as with all minority voters, do care greatly about being treated with respect, which is exactly the top concern that the Republican National Committee outlined in their December 2012 treatise, “The Growth and Opportunity Project.” In plain English, it calls on the Republican Party to “stop talking to itself,” change the “perception that the GOP does not care about people” and begin to “engage [ethnic minority voters] and show our sincerity.”As the RNC points out, America now looks different and the GOP simply needs to deal with it in a civil manner. The report quotes tea party leader Dick Armey on the topic of tone: “You can’t call someone ugly and expect them to go to the prom with you.” See? That’s great advice. And here’s some for Romney: If you want to help the Republicans with their Hispanic and minority outreach, just write some checks and stay out of earshot. Follow Esther Cepeda on Twitter, @estherjcepeda.  Read more on this topic:  Esther J. Cepeda: Republicans’ Hispanic problem  Jamelle Bouie: GOP problems with Latinos could get much worse  Jonathan Capehart: A new survey crystalizes the GOP’s Latino dilemma  Greg Sargent: Republican attacks on Thomas Perez will backfire with Hispanics We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. The White House said Thursday that Sen. Dick Durbin's account of a Republican insult of President Barack Obama was an inaccurate "misunderstanding," and an opponent of the senator criticized him for including the "discredited claim" in a fundraising pitch. Durbin, in a Facebook posting Sunday and in a campaign email the same day, said that during shutdown talks an unnamed House Republican leader had told the president: "I cannot even stand to look at you." Questions about Durbin's account led Obama spokesman Jay Carney to say Wednesday that he had spoken to someone who was at the meeting and concluded that "it did not happen." Republicans demanded a retraction and an apology from Durbin. But Illinois' senior senator, an Obama ally who is No. 2 in the Senate Democratic leadership, stood by the account Wednesday. On Thursday, the White House explained further: "While the quote attributed to a Republican lawmaker in the House GOP meeting with the president is not accurate, there was a miscommunication when the White House read out that meeting to Senate Democrats, and we regret the misunderstanding." To "read out" is Washington jargon meaning to summarize. Aides to the president refused to say how the miscommunication happened or who conducted the briefing with Senate Democrats in which it occurred. Durbin's original Facebook post remained up Thursday, and a new post was added: "I appreciate this clarification from the White House that explains recent conflicting reports on the GOP quote. It is important now to move beyond the unfortunate events of the last few weeks and work together constructively so that we're not faced with another shutdown showdown or debt-ceiling debacle." But a potential election opponent of Durbin does not think the matter is closed. Republican Doug Truax, who has never held public office and is circulating petitions in a bid to challenge Durbin next year, criticized the senator for sending an emailed appeal for cash with what he called the "discredited claim," and said Durbin should return any money raised by it. A Truax aide gave the Tribune a copy of the Durbin fundraising email, which asks recipients to send his campaign $16, "one dollar for every day of the reckless and irresponsible Republican Shutdown." Durbin opened the email by saying: "People ask me: What was the lowest point in the Republican Shutdown?" He cited Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, reading "Green Eggs and Ham" from the Senate floor; a woman with cancer turned away from the National Institutes of Health; and a family he described as "receiving veteran's benefits for their quadriplegic son" who would face hardship if the payments were delayed. "There was one incident — largely unreported — that I cannot get out of my mind," he added. Durbin then described Republicans going around a table telling the president their "complaints and demands" during a "negotiation," adding that a member of the House GOP leadership told Obama: "I am so disgusted. I cannot even stand to look at you." Truax, Durbin's potential GOP opponent, is a Downers Grove businessman who said he supports tea party values. He told the Tribune: "I think it's embarrassing that a senator from Illinois would just take a random story and run with it without checking it out. ... I don't think my eighth-grade daughter would do that." Truax, 43, a West Point graduate, is co-owner of the Oak Brook-based Veritas Risk Services, which helps employers control health-care costs. In Springfield, Durbin's campaign treasurer, Douglas A. Dougherty, declined to comment Thursday on Durbin's fundraising email and the request from Truax that any money generated from it be returned. "I don't speak for the campaign," Dougherty said. He referred a reporter to Durbin's spokesman, Max Gleischman, who did not respond to a Tribune request for comment. Durbin's campaign had $4.2 million on hand as of June 30, according to the Federal Election Commission. Christi Parsons of the Tribune Washington Bureau contributed Twitter @KatherineSkibaCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune It begins.There is no question that rank-and-file gay couples of all political stripes are sincere in their desire to enjoy the benefits and status that come with marriage. There is no sinister agenda at work in the issue of same-sex marriage among the masses. But the same cannot be said of  the organized left who have always intended to use the issue of gay marriage as a vehicle to destroy the Christian Church and marginalize Christians. Faithfulness to the Bible and the Christian faith will very soon be declared bigotry by the media and a de facto civil rights violation by the State. What is currently happening to the Boy Scouts of America at the hands of the organized left is nothing more than a trial run for what is surely coming next against the Church. The small ball has already begun: lawsuits, harassment, and media campaigns against those who preach what the Bible says. The Big Leagues, however, don’t launch until the State lights the torchfor the witch hunt, and that has already happened in the state of Washington. Although America’s most protected right is freedom of religion, that didn’t stop the state attorney general from filing a suit against Baronelle Stutzman,  a florist who said it was a “violation of conscience” to service a same-sex wedding. JD Bristol, attorney for Arlene’s, said his client has many customers and employees who are gay and the claim that she is “discriminating on the basis on sexual orientation is nonsense.” “This is about gay marriage, it’s not about a person being gay,” Bristol said. “She has a conscientious objection to homosexual marriage, not homosexuality. It violates her conscience.”According to the florist, in response to standing by her Christian beliefs, she has received hate mail and threats to burn down her business. This is not an isolated incident, either. Back in February a baker who wouldn’t provide a cake for a lesbian wedding not only faced protesters but  is (or was) under investigation by the Oregon Attorney General. Back in 2006, a Catholic adoption service in Boston had to shut down after the government demanded the religious entity service same-sex couples. For those skeptical of the organized left’s desire to destroy the Church; one question: is it really a leap to believe that the same government currently attempting to force the Church and other religious business-owners to pay for the abortion pill will soon use the same arguments and precedents to force same sex marriage on these institutions? Hat tip to Dan Riehl by way of Rush Limbaugh.  Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC PoliticsRush Limbaugh.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAccording to a breaking report from the UK Guardian, Barack Obama’s National Security Agency has been collecting phone records of millions of domestic customers of Verizon under a court order obtained in April. The order requires Verizon to turn over phone records on an “ongoing, daily basis” to the NSA, both within the US and between the US and international sources. The Guardian reports: “The document shows for the first time that under the Obama administration the communication records of millions of US citizens are being collected indiscriminately and in bulk – regardless of whether they are suspected of any wrongdoing.” The secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA) handed over the order to the FBI on April 25, and gave them a three month blanket surveillance clearance. That means that numbers of both parties, location data, call duration, and time of all calls are subject to government surveillance. That makes the Obama administration’s oversight essentially unlimited.The NSA, White House and Department of Justice all declined comment. The court order says that Verizon is forbidden to let customers know about the surveillance. Verizon also declined comment.The order forces Verizon to turn over electronic versions of “all call detail records or ‘telephony metadata’ created by Verizon for communications between the United States and abroad” … or, more ominously, “wholly within the United States, including local telephone calls.” Every single day, Verizon must turn over that information.The Guardian says that Verizon may not be the only cell-phone provider targeted with the order, and adds that “previous reporting has suggested the NSA has collected cell records from all major mobile networks.”The law legalizing this sort of surveillance is 50 USC 1861, a provision of the Patriot Act allowing requests of business records. This sort of controversy arose in 2006 under President Bush under the auspices of the war on terror. President Obama essentially declared the war on terror over in April, at about the same point the administration received its blanket surveillance go-ahead from the FISA court.  Ben Shapiro is Editor-At-Large of Breitbart News and author of the New York Times bestseller “Bullies: How the Left’s Culture of Fear and Intimidation Silences America” (Threshold Editions, January 8, 2013).PoliticsVerizonWar on TerrorYahoo.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartDiscover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Rand Paul not satisfied with attorney general's responseSen. Rand Paul is blasting Attorney General Eric Holder's assertion that the government could conceivably use drones against its own citizens in the U.S. as "frightening," saying such an action would violate the Constitution.Paul, R-Ky., was responding to comments by Holder released Tuesday before the Senate Intelligence Committee approved the nomination of John Brennan, President Obama's pick to be his next CIA director.Paul said in a statement obtained by Fox News that Holder sent him two letters regarding the constitutionality of the use of legal force, such as drones against Americans and on U.S. soil, after Paul petitioned Brennan to speak on the matter.In the letter, Holder says the U.S. has never carried out a drone strike against one of its citizens on American soil, and calls a situation where such a strike may occur "entirely hypothetical" and "unlikely to occur."However, Holder does not entirely rule out that such a scenario may occur in the future, and indicates that such a strike would be legal under the Constitution.“It is possible, I suppose, to imagine an extraordinary circumstance in which it would be necessary and appropriate under the Constitution and applicable laws of the United States for the president to authorize the military to use lethal force within the territory of the United States," Holder said.Holder said "catastrophic" attacks such as the Sept. 11 attacks or the attack on Pearl Harbor are examples of circumstances where the president could conceivably feel such an action is necessary.Paul says he is not satisfied with the attorney general's response.“The U.S. Attorney General’s refusal to rule out the possibility of drone strikes on American citizens and on American soil is more than frightening, it is an affront on the constitutional due process rights of all Americans,” Paul said.Paul says he also received a statement from Brennan, who stated that the CIA does not have authority to order such operations be carried out.Brennan vigorously defended the use of drone strikes during his confirmation hearing. He declined to say whether he believes waterboarding, which simulates drowning, amounted to torture. But he called the practice "reprehensible" and said it should never be done again. Obama ordered waterboarding banned shortly after taking office.Drone strikes are employed only as a "last resort," Brennan told the committee. But he also said he had no qualms about going after U.S.-born cleric Anwar al-Awlaki in September 2011.A drone strike in Yemen killed al-Awlaki and Samir Khan, both U.S. citizens. A drone strike two weeks later killed al-Awlaki's 16-year-old son, a Denver native.The Associated Press contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      The world is learning about the corruption of the IRS in targeting conservative groups, including various Tea Party organizations, for heightened scrutiny. But the corruption goes much deeper than harassing groups seeking first time non-profit designations, into actively sabotaging existing non-profit groups by releasing confidential information.In March of 2012 the Human Rights Campaign published a confidential tax return of the National Organization for Marriage, which was immediately republished byThe Huffington Post and other liberal news media outlets. The HRC and NOM are the leading national groups on opposing sides of the fight over gay marriage. HRC wants to redefine marriage to make it genderless, while NOM wishes to preserve marriage as the union of one man and one woman.NOM a targetMy organization was not the only conservative-linked political group or business that appears to have faced shady actions from IRS employees. ProPublica reported this week that the IRS handed over to them confidential documents of nine conservative organizations whose applications for non-profit status were still pending. Among them: Crossroads GPS, a key group backing Mitt Romney's presidential campaign.Our case was particularly egregious because the IRS leak of confidential information fed directly into an ongoing political battle. For months before March 2012, the pro-gay marriage HRC had been demanding that my group, NOM, publicly identify its major donors, something that NOM and many other non-profits refuse to do. The reason is simple. In the past, gay marriage advocates have used such information to launch campaigns of intimidation against traditional marriage supporters.Just as gay marriage proponents were demanding the information, the IRS appears to have illegally given them exactly what they were looking for. The tax return released by the HRC contained the names and addresses of dozens of major donors to NOM. And there's little doubt where the documents came from. The tax returns contained internal coding added by the IRS after the returns were originally submitted.For the IRS to leak any organization's tax return to its political opponents is an outrageous breach of ethics and, if proven, constitutes a felony. Every organization — liberal and conservative — should shudder at the idea of the IRS playing politics with its confidential tax return information. But the situation here is even more egregious because the head of the HRC was at the time serving as a national co-chair of President Obama's re-election campaign.The release of NOM's confidential tax return to the Human Rights Campaign is the canary in the coal mine of IRS corruption. Contrary to assertions that the targeting of Tea Party groups was an error in judgment by low-level IRS bureaucrats, the release of NOM's confidential data to a group headed by an Obama campaign co-chair suggests the possibility of complicity at the highest levels of politics and government. This wasn't a low-level error in judgment; it was a conscious act to reward a prominent Obama supporter while punishing an opponent.That's the reason the IRS has not been very interested in getting to the bottom of what happened. Federal investigators have interviewed NOM officials about the matter, but our efforts to find out what has become of the investigation have been stonewalled at every turn.Not about marriageThe tendency of some is to set this serious issue aside because it is seemingly part of the war on traditional marriage, an issue that divides the country in half and bedevils many. But given the broader issues being raised about the IRS, that's not right.At this stage, nobody is accusing the White House or the Obama re-election campaign of illegal activity. But there is a serious question about whether there was communication or possible collusion between the IRS and the HRC, and if there was, whether anyone at the White House or the Obama re-election campaign was involved.It is imperative that congressional investigators get to the bottom of the issue. If the IRS can get away with leaking NOM's confidential tax return to its chief political opponent, then no taxpayer is safe from political retribution by the federal government.John Eastman, a constitutional law professor at Chapman University, is chairman of theNational Organization for Marriage.In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.Two senior US tax officials have denied the extra scrutiny given to conservative groups seeking tax exemptions ahead of the 2012 election was motivated by partisan bias.Outgoing Internal Revenue Service head Steven Miller told a congressional hearing the "mistakes" were an effort to handle the flood of applications.And a watchdog official said he found no evidence of outside pressure.But a top Republican said the practice amounted to "political intimidation".Mr Miller and another top staff member in the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) have resigned over the matter. Democratic President Barack Obama has denounced the practice as unacceptable and Attorney General Eric Holder has said the FBI has launched a criminal inquiry.The hearing in the House ways and means committee came at the end of a difficult week for the White House, which has also faced new questions about a deadly assault on the US diplomatic mission in Libya and fended off attacks on the seizure of reporters' phone records. Friday's was the first in a series of congressional hearings on the tax affair - correspondents say Republicans hope to use it to discredit Mr Obama just months into his second term."I want to apologise on behalf of the Internal Revenue Service for the mistakes that we made and the poor service we provided," Mr Miller told the panel."Partisanship - and even the perception of partisanship - has no place at the Internal Revenue Service."J Russell George, the treasury department inspector general for tax administration, told the committee that he had not seen evidence IRS officials were under political pressure to target conservative groups.But leading Republicans on the committee said the misconduct was not a mere management lapse."The reality is this is not a personnel problem. This is a problem of the IRS being too large, too powerful, too intrusive and too abusive of honest, hardworking taxpayers," House ways and means committee chairman Dave Camp said at the opening of Friday's hearing.The Michigan Republican said the affair appeared to be just one case of a "culture of cover-ups" in the IRS."It seems like the truth is hidden from the American people just long enough to make it through an election," Mr Camp said.While Mr Obama's Democrats have been reluctant to defend the tax agency, the senior Democrat on the committee, Sander Levin, warned his colleagues not to allow legitimate inquiries into problems at the IRS to devolve into a political brawl.For his part, Mr Obama attempted to refocus on the economy with a trip to Baltimore, Maryland in which he said lawmakers should spend their time on helping people get back to work. "Our focus cannot drift," Mr Obama said. The IRS has acknowledged that beginning in 2010, staff in a Cincinnati, Ohio, branch office delayed the filings for tax-exempt status of groups that had words such as "tea party" or "patriot" in their names or that otherwise indicated their conservative orientation.Mr Miller testified on Friday that while the practice of maintaining a list of keywords that flagged conservative groups for extra review was "intolerable", it was a mistake and had merely been put together by civil servants trying to work more efficiently. The practice of extra screening began in response to a Supreme Court ruling that loosened campaign finance rules, Mr Miller said. During questions, the outgoing IRS head said the agents did not use search words associated with liberal causes - like "progress" or "organising".The number of applications from so-called "social welfare" groups seeking tax-exempt status nearly doubled from 2009-2012 to 3,300 a year, Mr George's report found. Under US tax law, the groups were entitled to a tax exemption so long as campaigning was not their "primary activity". Amid reports some of the groups were violating that threshold, the IRS deemed some level of review appropriate.The list of watch words was assembled by a "determinations unit" based in Cincinnati, and there seemed to be little or no supervisory review of the list, inspector general Mr George told the committee."The determinations unit requested unnecessary information because of a lack of managerial review, at all levels," Mr Russell said."We concluded that determinations unit specialists lacked knowledge of what activities are allowed."The IRS is an independent agency within the treasury department.Mr George's investigation, revealed this week, found that 296 groups had been subjected to additional auditing. In those cases the IRS may have asked for lists of donors, the groups' positions on a range of issues, and whether the groups' senior members intended to run for public office.Many of the applicants faced considerable delays in obtaining tax-exempt status, but none were turned down, he added.In addition to Mr Miller, Joseph Grant, commissioner of the IRS's tax-exempt and government-entities division, said on Thursday that he was stepping down within a month.Obama seeks to defuse controversiesUS tax chief resigns amid scandalPR for BenghaziObama says tax bias 'intolerable'Police chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy2Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot3Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version6Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling7Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'8England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.Politico reported that, “President Barack Obama and his Democratic allies are eager to tag the GOP as the root cause of Washington dysfunction.” Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Executive Director Kelly Ward told the publication that Democrats are planning to highlight “the inability of Republicans to actually govern” and make that into a central “narrative” going into the 2014 midterm elections.Even though the sequester idea originated in the White House, as Bob Woodward documented, Obama and Democrats tried to blame Republicans for the calamity that it would cause. Those tactics largely backfired, as a majority of Americans favored the across-the-board budget cuts.Yet House Republicans and their advisers still remain fearful of Democrats and their tactics that have just recently failed, believing that a government shutdown over de-funding Obamacare or budget cuts would lose Republicans the House.Rep. Tom Cole (R-OK), a former National Republican Congressional Committee chairman, said, “If you ask me what is the one thing that could reshuffle the deck on an otherwise stable mid-term environment in 2014, the answer is a government shutdown.” Brock McCleary, a GOP pollster and former NRCC deputy executive director, agreed, saying the “only way Republicans will lose the House is to shut down the government or default on the debt.”The current continuing resolution to fund the government expires on Sept. 30, and the nation is set to hit its borrowing limit shortly after. Republicans have a 17-seat majority in the House and only four Republicans represent Districts that lean Democratic, which means Republicans will be more vulnerable from the right. Republican voters in most Republican House Districts want them to be more fiscally conservative and de-fund Obamacare. Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-SC) said his voters would “rather see Republicans veer more to the right” on fiscal matters, and Chris Chocola, the president of the Club for Growth, said, “the greatest risk for Republicans is for them to continue to disappoint their supporters. I don’t think they’ve inspired them or given them a reason to support them in quite a while.”“At some point, they have to communicate to people there is a difference between Republicans and Democrats,” he told the publication. PoliticsCongressPoliticoWhite House.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsPresident Obama will pick the first woman to head the Federal Reserve — one of the world's most powerful jobs -- over a veteran Washington insider, economists surveyed by USA TODAY predict.Thirty-two economists said they expect Fed Vice Chairwoman Janet Yellen to succeed Chairman Ben Bernanke next year. Four predicted Obama will nominate Larry Summers, his former economic adviser and President Clinton's Treasury secretary.The survey was done last week amid a flurry of media reports suggesting that the field was narrowing to a choice between Yellen and Summers or that Summers was the front-runner.The White House has said only that a decision will be made in the fall. In an interview with The New York Times published over the weekend, Obama said he has narrowed his choice to "some extraordinary candidates." Treasury Secretary Jack Lew declined to express a preference in an interview on ABC's This Week on Sunday.Yellen is "extremely well-qualified and she's been there through the (financial) crisis," says Diane Swonk, chief economist of Mesirow Financial. "We need continuity."Vincent Reinhart, chief U.S. economist of Morgan Stanley and former head of monetary affairs at the Fed, thinks Obama will pick Summers."The president really has tended to reward loyalty," Reinhart says, "and Summers has that history with the president that Yellen doesn't."The presumptive horse race between Yellen and Summers to be the nation's top economist has transfixed Washington in a uneventful political summer even though the White House says a nominee won't be announced until fall.After reports last week that Summers may be emerging as the favorite, Senate Democrats began a petition in support of Yellen and House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi endorsed her in a Bloomberg Television interview. "It would be great to have a woman," Pelosi said.Bernanke hasn't said whether he plans to step down when his second four-year term ends in January, but his departure is widely expected.The Fed chairman is the most influential voice on a policymaking committee that can speed up or slow down U.S. economic growth by lowering or raising interest rates, among other moves that ripple across the global economy.Yellen, 66, chaired the Council of Economic Advisors under Clinton and headed the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank for six years before becoming vice chairwoman of the Fed's board of governors in 2010.Obama likely would relish the opportunity to nominate the first female Fed chief, says Nariman Behravesh, chief economist of IHS.Like Bernanke, Yellen has used a collegial style to push through bold programs by building consensus on the Fed's politically diverse Federal Open Market Committee."She convinces people through the strength of her argument but she's not argumentative," says Swonk, with Mesirow Financial.Summers, 58, is widely regarded as brilliant but sometimes arrogant. "Summers doesn't play nicely with others," Swonk says. "Congress doesn't like him." As Treasury secretary, she says, he took part in the 1990s banking industry deregulation that led to the 2008 financial crisis.Reinhart says criticism of Summers as domineering is overstated, noting he held senior positions in two administrations that required him to work with colleagues.As Obama's chief economic adviser in his first term, Summers was a key architect of the policies that helped pull the nation from recession and he is viewed as having a steady hand in a crisis.Most telling, Reinhart says, is that the White House apparently is floating Summers' name. "But we haven't heard anything that can really be construed as a trial balloon about Yellen," he says.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News A man who spent a lifetime putting his name on things is rebranding himself as a number, and marketing experts are intrigued.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALWith budgetary tantrums in the Senate and investigative play-acting in the House, the Republican Party is proving once again that it simply cannot be taken seriously.This is a shame. I don’t share the GOP’s philosophy, but I do believe that competition makes both of our major parties smarter. I also believe that a big, complicated country facing economic and geopolitical challenges needs a government able to govern.What we don’t need is the steady diet of obstruction, diversion and gamesmanship that Republicans are trying to ram down the nation’s throat. It’s not as if President Obama and the Democrats are doing everything right. It’s just that the GOP shrinks from doing anything meaningful at all.The most glaring example, at the moment, is in the Senate. For four years, Republican senators lambasted their Democratic colleagues — with justification — for not approving a budget, one of the basic tasks of governance. Sen. John Cornyn(R-Tex.), and others regularly took to the Senate floor to announce the number of days since the body last produced a spending plan and to blast Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) for this shocking failure.Two months ago, Reid and the Democrats finally passed a budget. Since the House has already passed its version — the controversial plan authored by Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) — the next step should be for both chambers to appoint members of a conference committee that would iron out the differences. But Republicans won’t let this happen. Specifically, far-right conservatives including Ted Cruz of Texas, Marco Rubio of Florida, Mike Lee of Utah and Rand Paul of Kentucky are refusing to allow the Senate to appoint its representatives to the conference. Yes, having demanded this budget for four years, Republicans are now refusing to let it go forward.Some Republicans, that is. Establishment types such as John McCain of Arizona are apoplectic at the antics of their tea party-inspired colleagues, which McCain called “absolutely out of line and unprecedented.” Cruz and the others are worried that a conference committee might not only work out a budget but also make it possible to raise the federal debt ceiling without the now-customary showdown threatening default and catastrophe. They believe that brinkmanship is the only way to stop runaway government spending, which produces massive trillion-dollar deficits, which add to the ballooning national debt, which . . . Hold on, senator. According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the deficit is shrinking rapidly and will fall to $642 billion this fiscal year. That’s still substantial, but it’s less than half the deficit our government ran in 2011. More important, if annual deficits continue to decline as the CBO predicts, the long-term debt problem begins to look more manageable. That’s good news, right?What Republicans ought to do is declare a victory for fiscal conservatism and move on to the battle to have their priorities reflected in the budget — a promising fight, since the conferees appointed by the GOP-controlled House are hardly going to be flaming liberals. Instead, the party seeks not consensus but crisis. This is no way for a 2-year-old to act, much less the self-proclaimed “world’s greatest deliberative body.”And speaking of juvenile behavior, I would be remiss not to mention how Rep. Darrell Issa of California and his GOP colleagues in the House are embarrassing themselves by straining to turn Obama administration missteps into Watergate-style scandals. The deaths of four Americans in Benghazi, Libya, resulted from a security lapse of the kind that every recent administration, unfortunately, has suffered. Since future administrations will have lapses as well, congressional oversight could be useful in at least making sure the specific mistakes of Benghazi are not repeated. But instead, House Republicans summon the television cameras and ask round after round of tendentious questions — without paying the slightest attention to the answers.Similarly, on the question of how and why the IRS gave added scrutiny to conservative “social welfare” groups seeking nonprofit status, House inquisitors seem barely interested in what actually happened. “What did the president know and when did he know it?” was an appropriate question. But the follow-up — “Harrumph, well then, why didn’t he know sooner?” — isn’t much in the way of scandal material.And concerning the Justice Department’s overzealous crusade to thwart classified leaks — and investigative reporting — it is amusing to watch House Republicans twist themselves into champions of the hated Lamestream Media. Who knew?None of this is boosting the GOP’s poll numbers. I’ve got an idea: Why don’t they try doing the people’s business for a change?  Read more from Eugene Robinson’s archive, follow him on Twitter or subscribe to his updates on Facebook. You can also join him Tuesdays at 1 p.m. for a live Q&A.  Read more on this issue:  Dana Milbank: Michele Bachmann, ready to retire  Jonathan Bernstein: Cracking up over the GOP  E.J. Dionne Jr.: Political dysfunction spells trouble for democracies  Steven Pearlstein: Turned off from politics? That’s exactly what the politicians want.  Thomas E. Mann and Norman J. Ornstein: Want to end partisan politics? Here’s what won’t work, and what will We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.President Obama, the Democrats, and plenty of Republicans in Congress, would like it if you'd spend the next few weeks talking about gun control. That's because when you are, you're not talking about the country's financial situation.And, as the graph included here, taken from OMB budget data, illustrates, the situation is dire. Spending keeps going up. Revenues, however, are not. And, since we're borrowing the difference, President Obama has what Politico is calling a debt problem: "The staggering national debt — up about 60% from the $10 trillion Obama inherited when he took office in January 2009 — is the single biggest blemish on Obama's record, even if the rapid descent into red began under President George W. Bush. Obama has long emphasized Bush's role in digging the immense hole. But he owns it now."Well, things did start to go south under Bush. But look at that graph more closely. In 2003, when we invaded Iraq (one of those "two wars on the credit card" that Obama likes to blame for the debt), and when we passed the Bush tax cuts (the other thing Obama likes to blame for the debt) revenue actually started to climb. The revenue and spending lines start to converge, and, as they head up to 2006 it actually looks as if the two might cross, with revenue outpacing spending.Even the New York Times noticed, spotting unexpected increases in revenue in 2005, and in 2006 noting that a "surprising" increase in tax revenues was closing the budget gap. The heady possibility of surpluses was in the air. But -- look at the graph again -- everything changes in 2007.What happened in 2007? The financial crisis hadn't struck yet. But we did elect a new Democratic Congress, with Democrats controlling both houses for the first time in over a decade. The trend immediately reversed, and became much worse with President Obama's election in 2008 and inauguration in 2009. (In fact, despite talk of "wars on the credit card," we could save a lot of money by cutting defense spending back to where it was in 2007.)So does that mean that the ballooning debt is all Obama's fault? No. Most of those spending bills got Republican votes, too. But it does mean that, as Politico notes, Obama now owns the 60% increase in the debt that has occurred on his watch, and can no longer credibly blame Bush (under whom plenty of Democrats voted for spending bills).Economist Herbert Stein observed that something that can't go on forever, won't. The United States can't go on forever increasing its debt by 60% every four years. Therefore, it won't. The only question is how things will stop -- smoothly or catastrophically.As we head into the next debt-ceiling debate, it's worth considering these words from a patriotic senator concerned with America's future:"The fact that we are here today to debate raising America's debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. . . . It is a sign that the U.S. government can't pay its own bills. It is a sign that we now depend on ongoing financial assistance from foreign countries to finance our government's reckless fiscal policies. … Leadership means that 'the buck stops here.' Instead, Washington is shifting the burden of bad choices today onto the backs of our children and grandchildren. America has a debt and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better. I therefore intend to oppose the effort to increase America's debt limit."The senator? Sen. Barack Obama, in 2006.I wish that guy was President now.Glenn Harlan Reynolds is a professor of law at the University of Tennessee. He blogs atInstaPundit.com.In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our  Board of Contributors.Earlier this month, while planning a press conference with other lawmakers and tea party leaders in response to the Internal Revenue Service's unfair targeting of conservatives, Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann told Tea Party Patriots national coordinator Jenny Beth Martin that she longed to travel and speak to tea party groups more often than she had been able to recently.At the time, Martin didn't think much of Bachmann's comment, which she said was just made in passing. As planned, Martin joined Bachmann and other tea-party-friendly lawmakers outside the U.S. Capitol building on May 16 to speak out against the federal tax collection agency's practices. The IRS controversy helped breathe some new life into the tea party movement by offering a fresh platform to rail against both its targeting of conservatives and its role in implementing the federal health care law.Two weeks later, when Bachmann abruptly announced she would not seek re-election to her House seat, Martin suddenly remembered what Bachmann had told her. Perhaps she had been hinting at something?"Maybe she couldn't engage in a full-blown campaign at home and also spread the message in the way she is able to around the country," Martin told Yahoo News in an interview. "And also at the same time fight the battles on Capitol Hill. There's only so much a single person can do."From the onset of the movement, Bachmann was one of the tea party's most prominent champions in Washington. She co-founded the House Tea Party Caucus in July 2010, spoke at rallies for groups around the country, introduced a bill to repeal President Barack Obama's health insurance overhaul immediately after it passed and embraced the tea party label during her short-lived run for president in 2012.When Obama gave his first State of the Union address in 2011, Bachmann made waves by giving a televised "tea party response" in coordination with Tea Party Express. To many, she was (and is) the face of the tea party in the capital city.Bachmann's decision to leave Congress came as an abrupt surprise to tea party coordinators, according to Martin and Tea Party Express Chairwoman Amy Kremer, two leaders of tea party groups that have worked closely with Bachmann since the movement's early days during Obama's first term. Bachmann was traveling in Russia and out of pocket when her video announcing the decision was posted online on Wednesday morning, leaving tea party leaders to draw their own conclusions about the reason for her departure.Tea party organizers said they were disappointed by Bachmann's move, but they say they hope she will continue working with them when she leaves office. They also expressed hope that she will seek office again soon by running for Senate or launching another bid for the presidency."We have not heard the last of her," Kremer told Yahoo News. "Just because she's not seeking re-election for her congressional seat doesn't mean she won't run for higher office at some point. I still think she has a platform."Kremer was quick to add that as a movement established to function without an identifiable leader, she does not anticipate that Bachmann's departure will mean the end of the tea party."She's been a strong and vocal voice for us, but the tea party movement is so diverse and there are so many people involved with different local groups, different national groups. The tea party movement is not focused on any one individual or any one organization," Kremer said. "The tea party movement is what it is because of the people who are out there across the country, not because of any one leader, whether it is a leader of an organization or somebody in the halls of Congress."South Africa held out to level the ODI series 1-1 with a 17-run win over Pakistan on Sunday that was much closer than it should have been because of Fakhar Zaman's brilliant 193 in a losing effort.  Pakistan opener Fakhar's score came from 155 balls and he hit 18 fours and 10 sixes to give South Africa a big scare in the second one-day international.  Pakistan was 205-7 at one stage before Fakhar really got going, but ultimately finished on 324-9 chasing 342 to win at the Wanderers in Johannesburg.Trash being hauled by a tractor-trailer caught fire Monday afternoon on Interstate 95 in Howard County, Maryland State Police said. Police said they received calls around 1:50 p.m. about the fire on southbound I-95 near the exit for Maryland Route 32 near Savage.The National Hockey League’s deputy commissioner says the Vancouver Canucks’ COVID-19 outbreak is concerning, but he remains confident the team will be able to complete its schedule.  In an email to The Canadian Press on Monday, Bill Daly says the Canucks’ numbers are “concerning from a health and safety standpoint, not necessarily from a scheduling standpoint.”  Daly says the league believes the Canucks will return and conclude their 56-game schedule.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.Auston Matthews and John Tavares each had a goal and an assist and the Toronto Maple Leafs beat the Calgary Flames 4-2 Sunday night.  Morgan Rielly and Alex Galchenyuk also scored for the Maple Leafs, who are 6-3-1 in their last 10 and continue to top the NHL’s North Division.  Michael Hutchinson made 32 saves.(Reuters) -The U.S. Supreme Court handed Alphabet Inc's Google a major victory on Monday, ruling that its use of Oracle Corp's software code to build the Android operating system that runs most of the world's smartphones did not violate federal copyright law.  In a 6-2 decision, the justices overturned a lower court's ruling that Google's inclusion of Oracle's software code in Android did not constitute a fair use under U.S. copyright law.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.Venezuela's president will not be able to post for 30 days for disinformation over a herbal remedy.The actress has previously been known as Thandie, an anglicised version of her name.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.I wish I could properly convey how freakin' sick and tired I am listening to both cable news and broadcast news force feed us the Republican line of bullshit du jour. It's either a case of institutionalized duplicitousness, corporate coercion -- or -- pure, unadulterated laziness. I mean, out of the hundreds of so-called 'journalists' out there in mendacious media land, would it have killed one of them to actually read the May 14th draft report by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration?Facts matter Dammit! And media reports regarding the IRS 'scandal' are sorely void of them. I'm taking about real facts. Not tea party 'facts'. Not conservative dogmatic 'truthiness'. Not partisan spin. Honest, verifiable facts!
First, the facts we knowA May 14 draft report by the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration found that none of the 296 questionable applicants had been denied, “For the 296 potential political cases we reviewed, as of December 17, 2012, 108 applications had been approved, 28 were withdrawn by the applicant, none had been denied, and 160 cases were open from 206 to 1,138 calendar days (some crossing two election cycles).” (p. 14)In fact, the only known 501(c)(4) applicant to recently have its status denied happens to be a progressive group: the Maine chapter of Emerge America, which trains Democratic women to run for office. Although the group did no electoral work, and didn’t participate in independent expenditure campaign activity either, its partisan nature disqualified it from being categorized as working for the “common good.”So, a little more than 2/3rds of applications flagged for processing by specialists were indeed politically-oriented.Normally, the aforementioned category would disqualify applicants for 501(C)(4) status. But the sheer volume of applicants during and after the 2008 presidential election along with the polarization of the political process in general combined to inhibit the agency's screening ability, allowing those groups to obtain the highly-sought-after 501(C)(4) tax-exempt status. Yes, it's an excuse. It was a bureaucratic failure with "bureaucratic" being the operative term.But, it wasn't Barack Obama's army of liberal zombies.  But all told, a critical look at some of the activities of those tea party applicants currently under review by IREHR or those already designated as 501(C)(4) reveals the potential for a threat to democratic governance in general.From the IREHR website: The Tea Party and the IRS “Scandal” The Actual Facts of the CaseHere are the not-so-known facts of a few of those cases:• The First Coast Tea Party Inc. of Jacksonville, Florida, for example, which applied for 501(c)(4) status in 2009 and received it in 2011. Commenting about the recent IRS controversy on Facebook, the group declared “We file a tax return, account for every penny.. We do not endorse candidates that is a no no.” Yet the group’s activities included public bragging about directly helping Republican campaigns. In an August 30, 2012 Facebook post, for instance, the group advertised a Jacksonville rally for Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and his vice presidential nominee Paul Ryan, adding, “bring your chairs and your signs, make sure they know that the First Coast Tea Party is and has been helping their campaign.”It must be noted here that three weeks after receiving 501(C)(4) status the group declared a "state of emergency" on their Facebook page, pleading with supporters to campaign for Romney.THIS is just one example of why the IRS wanted all their Facebook postings.• Similarly, the Louisville Tea Party was granted 501(c)(4) status in 2009.  Nevertheless, it published a list of “officially tea party endorsed candidates for the 2011 Kentucky primary.” They also published an article “The Rationale for Romney-Ryan,” arguing for Tea Partiers to vote for the Republican candidate.Then there’s...• The Katy Tea Party Patriots, which filed for 501(c)(4) non-profit status in 2009. This group actually ran an “Oust Obama 2012” campaign, organizing block-watching with the Fort Bend GOP, and phone-banking against Obama at GOP headquarters in Sugarland and Houston, Texas. Still featured on the frontpage of the group’s website at the time this article was written is an October 4, 2012 article entitled, “Our Country's Future” by Katy Tea Party Patriots President, Darcy Kahrhoff. She urged members to vote for Gov. Romney. "Please take time to talk with friends and family you may have living out of state, and try to convince them to vote for Governor Romney, especially if you have friends and family in Florida, Colorado, or Ohio. Also, find a Senatorial candidate to support in these states, and go to FreedomWorks to phone bank for these patriots.  Everything you can do to help will matter.  We can, and we must, win this!"Not to be outdone...• The Central Valley Tea Party Inc. This regional California Tea Party group was granted the much more politically limiting IRS 501(c)(3) tax status back in 2009.  It should be noted that this tax-status explicitly prohibits partisan political activity. According the IRS, “Under the Internal Revenue Code, all section 501(c)(3) organizations are absolutely prohibited from directly or indirectly participating in, or intervening in, any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for elective public office. The prohibition applies to all campaigns including campaigns at the federal, state and local level.  Violation of this prohibition may result in denial or revocation of tax-exempt status and the imposition of certain excise taxes.”Despite this (c)(3) designation, the front-page of the group's website features "upcoming events" instructing members to "Volunteer for Measure G," and "Volunteer for Vidak for Senate.” In the latter case, the website simply tells members...Another Tea Party group granted the 501(c)(3) non-profit status by the IRS...• The Tifton, Georgia-based Tiftarea Tea Party Patriots, Inc., which received the designation in 2010. The group also appears to have engaged in openly political activity, including publicly endorsing candidates. On October 9, 2012, in a post on the group’s website “Are you ready to vote?” the group offered up an endorsement for Romney, “The choice is simple. Obama has stated, He will transform America and acted to do such.  Everything this Administration stands for, is Government and control of every aspect of life.  This is the pipe dream of a Socialist’s mentality, for in their eyes, you the individual, do not know and cannot do, what is right, so someone else has to make decisions for you, to ensure, you do not make the wrong choices or actions. Or you chose Romney, who does not want to transform America, the greatest nation in history of human kind.  He wants to allow, the individual, to have the right, to succeed and fail on his own regard, while ensuring those freedoms, given by our Creator and to assure those inalienable rights, written about in the Declaration of Independence are retained by their proper owners, ‘We the People.’”Note these are only a few of the many examples of blatant political involvement by tea party 'non-profits' reviewed by IREHR. Of course, there are plenty more. As the title of this diary indicates, the REAL scandal here is how often the IRS granted 501(C)(4) status to groups that egregiously violated standards.Even though the agency was clearly inundated with applications there's no excuse for the incompetency of its employees. As far as I know the agency was at full strength; no cutbacks, no furloughs... just incompetency.Now, one must ask:Here's an article written for Salon.com by Joan Walsh highlighting what appears to be one of the few groups denied 501(C)(4) status -- a Democratic group. Republican senators have delayed a vote to confirm President Obama's nominee for US defence secretary.They say questions remain about Senator Chuck Hagel, but have agreed to an up-or-down vote later this month.Mr Hagel's backers say the US military needs a leader in place while troops remain in Afghanistan, and North Korea has just tested a nuclear device.Outgoing Defence Secretary Leon Panetta is to remain in his post until Mr Hagel is confirmed.White House press secretary Jay Carney denounced the delay, saying Senate Republicans had put political posturing ahead of America's national security."A clear majority in the US Senate supports Sen Hagel's confirmation, so today's action runs against both the majority will of the Senate and our nation's interest," he said in a statement."This waste of time is not without consequence. For the sake of national security, it's time to stop playing politics with our Department of Defense and to move beyond the distractions and delay."But Republicans, who have agreed to a vote following an upcoming 10-day recess, have said they need more time to weigh outstanding questions about Mr Hagel.South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham also said he would continue to use the confirmation vote as leverage in his effort to wring more information from the White House about the response to the 11 September attack on a US consulate in Benghazi, Libya. Mr Hagel was a private citizen at the time of the attack."There seems to not be much interest to hold this president accountable for a national security breakdown that led to the first ambassador being killed in the line of duty in over 30 years," Sen Graham said. "No, the debate on Chuck Hagel is not over. It has not been serious. We don't have the information we need. "And I'm going to fight the idea of jamming somebody through until we get answers about what the president did personally when it came to the Benghazi debacle."On Thursday, Republicans forced the delay with a parliamentary manoeuvre blocking the Senate Democratic leader's motion to end debate on Mr Hagel's nomination and proceed to an up-or-down vote on confirmation.Even though the Democrats command a majority of 55 votes, Senate rules in this case require them to come up with 60 to end debate. They fell one short.Mr Hagel, a decorated and twice-wounded veteran of the Vietnam War, served in the Senate for 12 years.But correspondents say he is seen by some of his former colleagues as a renegade for breaking with Republican ranks on issues such as the Iraq war.He has also been criticised during the confirmation process for comments he made years ago claiming "the Jewish lobby" had too much influence over American policy.His remarks in 1998 that a nominee for an ambassadorial post was "openly, aggressively gay" have also raised eyebrows. Mr Hagel has since apologised for that comment.Obama national security team's inbox of problemsRepublicans hector 'turncoat' HagelProfile: Chuck HagelPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the world'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'1Police chief says Chauvin broke force policy2Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot3Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version6Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling7Covid rule-breaker 'dies after squats punishment'8England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 April9Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.America has gone puritanically insane. To be sure, many will claim it is not the salaciousness of the pictures and graphically sexual tweets of Carlos Danger (Anthony Weiner’s Twitter name) that is driving this story. Many will say that it is the lies about his online behavior that keeps this story in the 24/7 news lineup. That is simply hogwash. America is a country that has been trained to be sexually puritanical in discourse while sexually liberal behind closed doors or by implication in music, videos and movies.This applies to the common man and politicians alike. Most by now are aware that from FDR to Kennedy, sexual escapades were common. In the case of President Clinton, those that verbally attacked him for the Monica Lewinsky "sex scandal" were themselves guilty of similar or worst sexual escapades (puritanical in condemnation while sexually liberal).It is unsettling that the New York Times thought it had the right to suggest that Anthony Weiner leave the mayoral race inasmuch as they never suggested that Giuliani or Clinton resign for their "sexual misdeeds." What is even more disconcerting is the mainstream media’s 24/7obsession with the story. Their righteous indignation for what is so far a fantasy; a virtual sexual affair as they probe with psychological analysis, moral analysis, with a dose of excoriation is uncalled for.The media would do much better if they had concentrated on Wiener's fitness to be mayor based on his qualifications relative to other mayors. Does he display the passion and political knowledge to be the head of a city of over 8 million people? Is any other mayoral candidate more qualified? Judging Weiner based on his discovered sexual proclivities while not doing so for all the other candidates is reason enough to stick with only his qualifications.The reality is that there is a real scandal. The real scandal isn’t about Weiner however. It is about a derelict mainstream media. While an excessive amount of time is being spent on a virtual sexual scandal, there are many issues that materially affect the working middle class that go unreported.More on Anthony Weiner and the New York City mayoral race below the fold.Weiner hurts no one but his family with his actions. Every day politicians in Washington institute policies that hurt the working middle class. Every day politicians in cities, municipalities, and counties effect policies that funnel tax dollars to a select few at the expense of the tax paying benefit losing working middle class. Yet, mainstream media reporters and researchers spend their time on detailed analysis of time stamps of tweets of a virtual sex affair instead of following the paper trail that would detail the continual pilfer of the working middle class by corrupt politicians and greedy Plutocrats.Weiner is headlining every major newspaper, TV station and radio station. In the meantime little coverage is given to issues that materially affect millions. Where is the coverage of the plight of the strong voter rights movement in North Carolina? Where is the detail coverage of the real Keystone XL scandal? Where is the detail coverage of the military industrial complex stealing of taxpayers' dollars in Iraq, Afghanistan, locally and worldwide? Where is the coverage of an out of control banking system that continues even after the 2008 crash? Where the coverage of a failing education system nationally that has left the average American citizen oblivious to world and national events that will eventually be impactful in their lives and the country’s well-being? One could go on and on.The mainstream media is either a fraud or at best a joke. Their job is to be a check on government by ensuring transparency and an informed citizenry. On all accounts they have failed. They have become the mouthpiece of a plutocracy-driven government at different levels of gradation to give them a semblance of objectivity. Their handling of the Iraq war (complicity in war characterization by the Bush administration), NSA surveillance disregard for several years, the Affordable Care Act (death panels and government takeover of healthcare and other GOP lies mostly unchallenged), and many other issues of vital importance to citizens was and is abysmal.Just maybe if New Yorkers thumb the mainstream media in the eye and put Anthony Weiner into the mayor’s office, they will drop once and for all their fascination or maybe their own inhibited projection of sexuality from the political spectrum. Maybe then they will do the tough task called their job. Can one hope?WSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsPresident Obama passed the 100-day mark of his second term facing questions about whether his political capital is already disappearing. Republicans took delight in his discomfort, but they have their own 100-day question to answer: What have they done since November to turn around their fortunes?The president has had a difficult spring. His gun legislation, though it mustered more than 50 votes, was blocked in the Senate. His advisers are more optimistic about immigration reform, but the measure still faces serious obstacles, especially in the House. Implementation of his health-care law worries some members of his own party. And if there is genuine progress on the budget, no one has been able to describe it.What do Republicans have to show politically for the president’s travails? So far, there is little to suggest they have truly begun to solve the problems highlighted by Mitt Romney’s loss to Obama last November, party weaknesses that were cited in a post-election report by a Republican National Committee task force.Congressional Republicans still have far lower approval ratings than the president, although so do congressional Democrats. That is almost always the case. But Republicans also have taken positions on issues this year that have left them on the wrong side of public opinion. Those issues include background checks for gun purchases, the best way to deal with the budget (spending cuts alone vs. a combination of cuts and taxes) and, to a lesser extent, whether illegal immigrants should be given a path to citizenship.In a recent Washington Post-ABC News survey, seven out of 10 Americans said the GOP is out of touch with the concerns “of most people” in the country. Neither Obama nor the Democratic Party has sterling ratings on this question (slightly positive for Obama and slightly negative for the Democratic Party). But the Republican deficit is far bigger than that of the other two. Even 49 percent of Republicans said their party is out of touch.Republican opposition to universal background checks for gun purchasers continues to reverberate. The opposition may threaten few individual members, given the leanings of individual congressional districts or constituencies in largely Republican-leaning states. But it is likely to hurt Republicans in areas and among voters they need to win presidential races — suburbs and female voters being prime examples.After an election in which their nominee won just 27 percent of the Hispanic vote, many Republicans said it was time to find a new strategy to attract Hispanics to the party. That brightened prospects for comprehensive immigration reform, which George W. Bush tried to enact in his second presidential term, only to be thwarted by his own party.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), whose conservative credentials were not in question, took the lead in working out a bipartisan proposal as a member of the Senate Gang of Eight that included Republicans John McCain (Ariz.) and Lindsey O. Graham (S.C.). The group’s work raised the hopes of reform advocates that this was the year for action.Since then, criticism has been rising on the right, echoing complaints from conservatives that killed prior reform efforts. In an op-ed he co-wrote in USA Today, former senator Jim DeMint of South Carolina, president of the Heritage Foundation and once a strong Rubio backer, attacked the proposal as “legislated amnesty.” National Review’s latest cover shows the Florida senator along with two other members of the Gang of Eight — McCain and Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) — with the headline “Rubio’s Folly.”Obama said Thursday in Mexico that he remains optimistic that an immigration reform bill will pass this year, saying the time is right for enactment. Rubio now says his proposal probably needs stronger border security measures to pass the Senate and earlier said the bill could not pass the House in its current form, presaging a rocky path ahead.The legislative maneuvering has a long way to go. The fact that many of the Republicans who might run for president in 2016 favor immigration reform reflects concern that the party not be cast negatively when this process ends. If Republicans end up blocking the bill, or even if it passes but over significant Republican opposition, they could pay a significant price with the Hispanic community. Republicans also have not broken through on the economy or the budget. Over the past three years, House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) has offered a series of comprehensive budgetary blueprints, but he has yet to muster broad public support for the main elements of his package.The fact that Obama has spent the winter and spring talking about things other than the economy has given Republicans the opportunity to begin to fill that vacuum. So far they haven’t done so, rhetorically or substantively. To most voters, the Republican economic message remains focused more on green eyeshade budget accounting than on kitchen-table concerns of middle-class families.Rubio’s engagement on immigration is an example of something that has been missing in the Republican Party’s overall approach during Obama’s tenure, which is a willingness to offer concrete and constructive ideas — to be for something rather than just against things — and to go out and really try to sell them.Republican governors, from Louisiana’s Bobby Jindal to Wisconsin’s Scott Walker to New Jersey’s Chris Christie, to name three of the 30 GOP state leaders, have the opportunity to turn their conservative philosophy into a popular governing agenda that could be taken nationally in a presidential race. But for all the flurry of talk about the 2016 race already starting, at this point the governors are subordinate to the party’s congressional wing.The year so far highlights the frustrations Obama has experienced trying to work his will on Capitol Hill. As long as his approval rating hovers at or below 50 percent, Republicans can look to the 2014 elections with optimism. But the year so far also points to the vulnerabilities of a congressionally based party whose members play to narrower constituencies. And as Republicans learned last year, there is often a big difference between the electorates in midterm elections and in presidential elections. A good 2014 does not necessarily mean success in 2016.Had the president been able to maintain the momentum he gained from his reelection victory, Republicans would be in even worse shape. GOP pollster Bill McInturff pointed out that the fact that Obama has had setbacks and run into questions “has allowed breathing room for thought, recovery and some capacity to regroup.” As long as Obama is in the White House, many Republicans will define success as stopping bad things from happening. That could be a trap, as the party trades short-term legislative “victories” for what could become longer-term problems. Obama has second-term problems, but in this case, politics might not be a zero-sum game. If Republicans fail to find a message and an agenda that appeal to a broader constituency, they could continue to struggle to win a national election. For previous columns by Dan Balz,go to postpolitics.com.If we thought Jim Vandehei's and Mike Allen's piece of Politico schmuck pom-poming how DC establishment had turned against the Obama Administration, was bad enough, just read Charlie Cook's latest article. He outright tells GOP "[a]s a tactical matter, a subterranean campaign will score more direct hits on the president." Anyone who still thought there is a shred of integrity anywhere left in our corporate media, should erase that from their mind.Charlie Cook of The National Journal, pollster and apparatchik of the furrow-browed serious journos wrote this in May18th issue of The National Journal:Meanwhile, everyone in Washington will watch polls for signs of blood in the water, indications that the controversies or scandals—depending upon your perspective—are taking a political toll on Obama’s job-approval numbers.In the article titled Don't Gloat, Leak Charlie Cook tells Republicans how to hide their "schadenfreude" by getting reporters who write "tough stories" to do their dirty work for them bloodying President Obama up.Well, a journalist-pollster with integrity would leave the story at that, right? But no. In this day and age there is no such thing as simply reporting facts and leaving them be. Charlie Cook dispenses this "advise" to GOP for no other stated reason than to brign President Obama's poll numbers down just so history can be repeated.If the facts don't fit your narrative, why, gin up your own "facts"!!Well, in Charlie Cook's warped mind that "something" can only be negative which must be induced to occur if it doesn't do so naturally. Yeah...This is a more virulent version of the diatribe we heard last year in the run up to the 2012 elections, No President has been re-elected with Unemployment rates above 7%, then 8%, Enthusiasm gap, Obama 2008 coalition was a fluke, blah blah blah!But reading that piece made me sick. As sequester takes it's horrible toll on many vulnerable people who've been rendered invisible; as GOP House votes to deny those same people access to healthcare (however imperfect it is); as the conservative movement rabidly tears our commonweal apart, our Journalists focus on meta, on inducing bloodsport so their little historical boxes can be ticked. Really, Charlie?...This is the media cauldron within which Democrats are trying to govern these United States of America. PATHETIC!
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        Physicist Stephen Hawking is boycotting a conference in Israel because he disagrees with the nation's policies. (AP) Great minds don’t have to think alike, but they ought to be open to discussion, say critics of physicist Stephen Hawking, who is boycotting a major academic conference in Israel out of solidarity for Palestinians.Hawking wrote a May 3 letter to Israeli President Shimon Peres saying he planned to respect a boycott of the June event because he considers the Israeli government’s policy toward the Palestinian territory a “disaster.” But Israel Maimon, chairman of the President’s Conference, called boycotting an academic event “outrageous and unwarranted." "Israel is a democracy in which everyone can voice their opinions, whatever they may be,” Maimon told the Jerusalem Post. “Boycotting is not compatible with open democratic dialogue."The decision by Hawking -- who uses a wheelchair due to motor neurone disease -- to skip the event, which Peres personally sponsors, was initially blamed on health reasons by Cambridge University, where the 71-year-old “A Brief History of Time” author has taught and studied.But in his letter to Peres and event organizers, Hawking made clear he was boycotting over what he considers Israel’s occupation of Palestinian territory.[pullquote]“I accepted the invitation to the Presidential Conference with the intention that this would not only allow me to express my opinion on the prospects for a peace settlement, but also because it would allow me to lecture on the West Bank,” Hawking wrote. “However, I have received a number of emails from Palestinian academics. They are unanimous that I should respect the boycott. In view of this, I must withdraw from the conference. Had I attended, I would have stated my opinion that the policy of the present Israeli government is likely to lead to disaster.”The Wolf Foundation, which gave Hawking its Wolf prize in physics in 1988, said it was “sad to learn that someone of Professor Hawking’s standing chose to capitulate to irrelevant pressures and will refrain from visiting Israel.”However, the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement, which seeks to pressure Israel on behalf of Palestinians, said in a statement it “deeply appreciated” Hawking’s decision.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.The world is learning about the corruption of the IRS in targeting conservative groups, including various Tea Party organizations, for heightened scrutiny. But the corruption goes much deeper than harassing groups seeking first time non-profit designations, into actively sabotaging existing non-profit groups by releasing confidential information.In March of 2012 the Human Rights Campaign published a confidential tax return of the National Organization for Marriage, which was immediately republished byThe Huffington Post and other liberal news media outlets. The HRC and NOM are the leading national groups on opposing sides of the fight over gay marriage. HRC wants to redefine marriage to make it genderless, while NOM wishes to preserve marriage as the union of one man and one woman.NOM a targetMy organization was not the only conservative-linked political group or business that appears to have faced shady actions from IRS employees. ProPublica reported this week that the IRS handed over to them confidential documents of nine conservative organizations whose applications for non-profit status were still pending. Among them: Crossroads GPS, a key group backing Mitt Romney's presidential campaign.Our case was particularly egregious because the IRS leak of confidential information fed directly into an ongoing political battle. For months before March 2012, the pro-gay marriage HRC had been demanding that my group, NOM, publicly identify its major donors, something that NOM and many other non-profits refuse to do. The reason is simple. In the past, gay marriage advocates have used such information to launch campaigns of intimidation against traditional marriage supporters.Just as gay marriage proponents were demanding the information, the IRS appears to have illegally given them exactly what they were looking for. The tax return released by the HRC contained the names and addresses of dozens of major donors to NOM. And there's little doubt where the documents came from. The tax returns contained internal coding added by the IRS after the returns were originally submitted.For the IRS to leak any organization's tax return to its political opponents is an outrageous breach of ethics and, if proven, constitutes a felony. Every organization — liberal and conservative — should shudder at the idea of the IRS playing politics with its confidential tax return information. But the situation here is even more egregious because the head of the HRC was at the time serving as a national co-chair of President Obama's re-election campaign.The release of NOM's confidential tax return to the Human Rights Campaign is the canary in the coal mine of IRS corruption. Contrary to assertions that the targeting of Tea Party groups was an error in judgment by low-level IRS bureaucrats, the release of NOM's confidential data to a group headed by an Obama campaign co-chair suggests the possibility of complicity at the highest levels of politics and government. This wasn't a low-level error in judgment; it was a conscious act to reward a prominent Obama supporter while punishing an opponent.That's the reason the IRS has not been very interested in getting to the bottom of what happened. Federal investigators have interviewed NOM officials about the matter, but our efforts to find out what has become of the investigation have been stonewalled at every turn.Not about marriageThe tendency of some is to set this serious issue aside because it is seemingly part of the war on traditional marriage, an issue that divides the country in half and bedevils many. But given the broader issues being raised about the IRS, that's not right.At this stage, nobody is accusing the White House or the Obama re-election campaign of illegal activity. But there is a serious question about whether there was communication or possible collusion between the IRS and the HRC, and if there was, whether anyone at the White House or the Obama re-election campaign was involved.It is imperative that congressional investigators get to the bottom of the issue. If the IRS can get away with leaking NOM's confidential tax return to its chief political opponent, then no taxpayer is safe from political retribution by the federal government.John Eastman, a constitutional law professor at Chapman University, is chairman of theNational Organization for Marriage.In addition to its own editorials, USA TODAY publishes diverse opinions from outside writers, including our Board of Contributors.Kyle, the former Navy SEAL and author of American Sniper, a New York Times bestseller, was murdered on February 2 at a Texas gun range, allegedly by a former Marine suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) whom Kyle was trying to help. In a Facebook note, Palin wrote she found it “sad to see that flags aren’t flying at half staff for this American hero” and hoped Obama “pays his respects in some gesture of condolence” for someone who “sacrificed so much to keep him and all of us safe.”Obama has publicly acknowledged people like Sandra Fluke and famous rappers, but he is not attending Kyle’s funeral and did not issue a statement after Kyle’s death. “We may never know to what extent Chris kept us free or how many lives he saved by his brave actions in the line of fire. But his fellow warriors know how important he was. My son Track couldn’t meet Chris when Todd and I first met him because Track was deployed to Iraq,” Palin wrote. “Then when we got to know Chris even better, our son was deployed in Afghanistan. We’ve met a lot of people in recent years, and Track has been privileged to meet them as well. But he said about Chris, ‘Mom, he’s the ONE person in the entire world I would be star-struck to meet. He’s it.'”Palin first met Kyle during the premiere of Stephen K. Bannon’s “The Undefeated” movie in Pella, Iowa in 2011. Kyle was in charge of security for that event.After attending the funeral, Palin suggested ways to honor and remember Kyle and, in another Facebook posting, wrote:It was a beautiful memorial service for Chris Kyle at Cowboys Stadium this afternoon. What a celebration of a great life! All in all, is there a finer human being who has crossed the 50-yard line star in Texas than Chris Kyle? Please click on the following link for information on how we can help out the families of Chris Kyle and Chad Littlefield. As patriotic Americans, this is a tangible way to show appreciation and support for good people. On a personal note, I thank you who’ve sent birthday greetings today, and it would be awesome if you’d join me in supporting the families of these heroes by helping them out!The Palins got to know Kyle better when Todd Palin was on the show “Stars Earn Stripes” with Kyle. The Palins, along with the rest of the cast, spent a lot of time on set with Kyle’s family. Kyle was the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history. “God bless this great warrior,” Palin said. “Let us keep his wife and children in our prayers, and may we never forget him or his sacrifice.”Photos courtesy of Andy BadolatoPoliticsNew York TimesSarah Palin.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartDon’t look for a new Justice Department report about American gun violence to receive any serious media coverage over the coming days, or ever.  According to the report from the department’s Bureau of Statistics, every argument the media and the left are currently making to push for new restrictions on our Second Amendment civil rights, are made up of anti-science nonsense. This report not only proves the media wrong, it proves the NRA right. Between the years of 1993 and 2011, as the assault weapons ban expired, more Americans purchased guns, the Supreme Court overturned outright gun bans, and individual states not only loosed gun control restrictions but also issued concealed carry permits to private citizens, incidents of gun violence in America collapsed. Between 1993 and 2011, nonfatal gun crimes plummeted 69%; from 1.5 million to 467,300. Gun-related murders dropped 40%; from 18,253 to 11,101. Gun-related murders for black Americans plummeted by 51%.The report also shows that the media-created hysteria over school shootings is wildly misleading. Between ’93 and ’11, the murder rate in schools dropped by almost a third; from 29 to 20. Background checks have also been exposed as another bogus narrative the media’s crafted out of thin air. This report proves beyond any doubt that closing the so-called gun show loophole will accomplish next to nothing.  Less than one-percent of state prisoners caught with a gun purchased it at a gun show.  Moreover, who knows how many of those criminals might have passed or did pass a background check. So-called assault weapons are also not a problem, Only “2% of state inmates and 3% of federal inmates were armed with a military-style semiautomatic or fully automatic firearm.” What this study clearly shows is that Obama, Democrats, and the media don’t give a damn about stopping gun violence. If they did, they would be focused on everything but the one and two-percent problems. What we have here is a yet-another culture war; nothing more nothing less — and one aimed at the type of law-abiding citizens who attend gun shows and enjoy these so-called assault weapons. In other words, Red State conservatives. What is especially crucial to keep in mind is that 2011 is not some kind of outlier. If you study the original report, you will see that these decreases are all part of an 18-year trend, not an outlier year or two. This report is extremely good news is you are the kind of person who gives a damn about human life. But if you are cynical, power-hungry Democrats more uncomfortable with the idea of human freedom than you are pleased with a decrease in human life, this report is bad news. Furthermore, if you are a dishonest member of the media who believes that delivering political wins to Democrats is more important than human life, this report is also bad news. There is just no question that an armed American populace is a safer American populace. This study also proves that smart policing and a willingness to award serious jail time to violent offenders (two areas  our criminal justice system have focused on over the last two decades) does a helluva lot more to decrease the rate of gun violence than purely symbolic gun-grabbing laws. Thanks to this study we also know for a fact now that the Newtown massacre is being exploited by the media only to demonize Obama’s political enemies.  Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNCMediaNRASupreme Court.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartObamacare has taken a sudden and spectacular dive in public opinion, according to a new poll from Gallup. Capitol Hill Democrats are splintering, regularly undermining President Obama's tacit demand that they stay united in the bill's defense. What the party wouldn't give for it to be one month ago.On this day in October the roles were flipped. The Obamacare website was a mess and there were reports of people losing their existing coverage, but the big story was the shutdown. Democrats stood quietly, arm-in-arm, watching the Republican Party trip all over itself, Three Stooges-style. Now, the alliterative mantra of "Democrats in disarray" is back, and the Republicans are starting to lock arms.The news from Gallup is particularly bad for the Affordable Care Act. Late last month, opinion of the bill was about evenly split, with 44 percent of Americans supporting it and 47 percent opposing — a 3-point difference. Since, that difference has quintupled, with only 40 percent of the country supporting the bill and 55 percent opposing. "Currently, 73% of Democrats, 39% of independents, and 8% of Republicans approve of the healthcare law," Gallup writes, noting the particularly bad news: opinion has dropped among all parties, including Democrats. Meanwhile, the number of people saying that health care is the country's biggest problem has gone up 7 points since last month — though "dissatisfaction with government" continues to lead the way. RELATED: How Democrats Are Trying to Fix, But Not Criticize, ObamacareMSNBC's Benjy Sarlin points out that Obama has regularly seen stiff opposition to his policy proposals. But Obamacare, for several reasons, poses a much more severe risk.This time the challenge is much more tangible. Either the exchange works or it doesn’t. Either people getting cancellation notices can find acceptable, affordable coverage or they can’t. There’s no messaging substitute for success on either front.So Democrats, who The Daily Beast' Michael Tomasky notes aren't exactly known for holding strong in the face of adversity, are starting to go sideways. Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu introduced a bill that would allow people to keep their existing health care plans. West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin has announced his support for that bill, telling Morning Joe that Obamacare has "more than a roll-out problem. There is a product problem." Landrieu faces a difficult reelection challenge next year, and Manchin represents an increasingly conservative state, but they aren't the only ones to bail. Even party-line adherents like California Sen. Dianne Feinstein are calling for some sort of legislative response.We noted earlier this week why such a fix is tricky, threatening the economics that are supposed to make Obamacare work for the private sector. At New York, Jonathan Chait outlines why such changes are tricky. But politics has a habit of getting in the way of (both parties') best-laid plans. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi told participants in The Atlantic's Washington Ideas Forum on Thursday morning that she expected an announcement from the president in support of a fix at some point today. RELATED: Some Democrats Back Delay of Obamacare Mandate, Enrollment May Be ExtendedMichigan Rep. Fred Upton has introduced a bill in the House that, like Landrieu's, would allow people to keep their plans, but only for a period of two years. If both pass, there could be a conference committee to work out a compromise. The Republicans could say that they'd helped Americans worried about coverage — but, as The Atlantic's Molly Ball points out, inadvertently take ownership over the program, perhaps even saving it from political backlash. It's not a possibility Democrats are embracing: Pelosi called the Upton vote the 46th vote for repeal, and the administration opposes the Upton bill, saying that it undermines "the central promise of the Affordable Care Act."In general, though, the Republicans are just trying to clear all of their members from the tracks as the Obamacare train rumbles haphazardly along. Politico suggests that the party found "political gold" in the issue — as long as it holds its natural inclination to overreach in check. RELATED: How Real Live Young People Feel About the Obamacare Outreach EffortThey will pass Obamacare-related bills when opportunities arise — like [Upton's] this week — but Rep. Steve Stivers (R-Ohio) neatly encapsulated the party’s emerging strategy: “We should be just like a doctor and do no harm.”“Obamacare is the gift that keeps on giving,” a senior House aide said on condition of anonymity. “We just need to keep out of the way.”If that's the strategy, this bit of news from the Washington Examiner can't be welcome: "Ted Cruz previews new plan to repeal and replace Obamacare." Cruz, of course, initiated the government shutdown at the beginning of October that put the Republicans on defense for several weeks and deeply undermined their popularity. The party greatly prefers the position they're in this month.This article was originally published at http://www.theatlanticwire.com/politics/2013/11/obamacare-ruined-republicans-october-and-democrats-november/71591/ •   The Two Scenarios That Would Have Improved the Obamacare Launch •   Who the Healthcare.gov Contractors Blame for the Site's ProblemsWarner Bros.' "Godzilla vs. Kong" debuted on the streaming service HBO Max simultaneously with movie theaters in the US.Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.A variety of factors can contribute to early round quarterbacks — and the teams selecting them — succeeding in the NFL.Success under coach Mark Few and a family-like atmosphere within the program have helped Gonzaga stand out in recruiting and on the court.The private information of more than 500 million Facebook users may have been compromised, and an unidentified leaker says they are offering the data for sale for virtually nothing. Alon Gal, the co-founder of an Israeli cybersecurity firm called Hudson Rock, says that the information appears to be the same set of Facebook-linked telephone numbers that has been circulating in hacker circles since January. It's being sold for a few dollars' worth of digital credit on a well-known site for low-level hackers.Reuters hasn't been able to verify the information, but Gal and some journalists who have seen the data dump say they have been able to match phone numbers of people they know. He warns that Facebook users should be on the lookout for possible "social engineering attacks" in the coming months.In a statement, Facebook said that the data was "very old" and related to an issue that it had fixed in August 2019.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.I was a stalwart all through the past four years plus, never wavering when others jumped on and off the bandwagon.  But this NYT article just crushed me like a grape:In deciding whether an employer’s health plan is affordable, the Internal Revenue Service said it would look at the cost of coverage only for an individual employee, not for a family. Family coverage might be prohibitively expensive, but federal subsidies would not be available to help buy insurance for children in the family.The policy decision came in a final regulation interpreting ambiguous language in the 2010 health care law.I had been banking on being able to finally get health care starting January 1, 2014.  Three days over the past few years have been especially meaningful (after, of course, Election Night '08 and the January 2009 inauguration): the day the PPACA law passed, the day the SCOTUS mostly upheld it, and this past Election Day (which seemed to seal its prospects against ever being repealed, though at the moment I'm less sure of that).My wife works as a primary school special ed teacher.  Her job provides decent insurance for her with no premium.  To add me and our kids to the policy, though, would cost $577 a month out of a paycheck that right now is only $2400 a month, take home, and does not stretch super far as it is.  This is just plain unaffordable for us.  Yet the news is, we are shit out of luck.Almost insulting are the paltry breadcrumbs found in the "silver lining":The same commenter wrote:4:11 PM PT: Our total gross income is $46,000, about 200 percent of the FPL so no dice on the Medicaid expansion.  The truly perverse part is that if my wife's job had no health insurance at all, we could all get on the exchange for just over $200 a month total.I may actually have to consider divorcing her as my own income is less than the threshold to get the Medicaid expansion (if my reddish state joins that) or at least get a cheap policy from the federal exchange.  Not exactly a pro-marriage policy though!Fri Feb 01, 2013 at 12:38 AM PT: Anyone who might doubt me when I say, essentially, that if they are losing ME of all people, they are really screwing the pooch, just take a quick peek at this diary I wrote a year and a half ago:

http://www.dailykos.com/...Health care industry analysts have long derided the kinds of non-insurance health care coverage products the company is selling as "junk insurance.""They were not intended to be health insurance," Sabrina Corlette, a research professor at the Health Policy Institute at Georgetown University, told TPM, speaking about fixed benefit plans. "They were intended to be what are called income replacement policies. ... But over the years, these things have kind of morphed. And for many people, unfortunately, mainly because they come with a cheaper sticker price, they are marketed as and treated as health insurance. Even though the coverage is really crappy."USHealth Group's pitch is three-fold, according to accounts provided to TPM by Mortimer and another prospective customer. First, it says, it is a misconception that everyone needs ACA-compliant insurance. Second, USHealth Group plans are cheaper than ACA-compliant policies, even after customers pay the tax penalty for failing to comply with the ACA's individual mandate. Third, Obamacare is scary.Other, only slightly less dastardly, insurers are misleading their customers, canceling policies that otherwise would have been grandfathered in order to get people into new ones that they can charge more for, and not informing customers about their options on the exchanges. The president's administration fix would at least require insurers who do cancel plans to inform people of their options.It's not too late for Democrats, including President Obama, to go on offense against the insurance companies that are making the roll-out of Obamacare that much more difficult. Obama has met Republicans partway with his "fix" for policy cancellations. Now's the time to say enough, and to start reminding people about what insurance companies do and why they made this law so necessary in the first place.The man is impressed. "This beats Obamacare I hope," he mutters to one of the workers."Do I burst his bubble?" wonders Reina Diaz-Dempsey, overseeing the operation. She doesn't. If he signs up, it's a win-win, whether he knows he's been ensnared by Obamacare or not.But it's not a slam-dunk, and the public education effort is key because Republican lies have taken hold with plenty of people. Erin Hoven, an outreach worker with Kentucky Voices for Health, and her efforts to do outreach and education on Obamacare faces those lies—repeated regularly by both of the state's Republican senators, Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul—at every turn.Because the worst thing in the world for Republicans is having more people get affordable health care.Discover Thomson ReutersAll quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays.After an initial phase of shell-shocked damage control, President Barack Obama’s efforts to save his signature health care law — and with it his second term and his place in U.S. history — are taking on an aggressive tone.“Let’s face it, a lot of us didn’t realize that passing the law was the easy part,” Obama told scores of supporters late Monday at a posh Washington hotel.The new approach — emphasizing Affordable Care Act benefits that are already in effect and don’t require navigating a botched website, promoting the law’s success stories, blaming Republicans and the news media in equal measure for the bad news — also comes with a renewed focus on issues that helped unite the winning coalition of his 2012 re-election campaign.The president has stepped up calls for Congress to pass, by year’s end, legislation overhauling America’s immigration policy. On Tuesday, he’ll meet with top executives to make the argument that doing so would help the economy.And the Democratic-held Senate voted 61-30 late Monday to advance a bill to outlaw workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation, with seven Republicans breaking ranks to side with the majority. “Common sense,” Obama told activists backing his Organizing for Action group at the St. Regis Hotel.Amid headlines screaming out Obamacare’s setbacks, White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters Monday that the president’s “No. 1 priority has and will be economic progress.”That's two issues that rally pivotal segments of the public behind the Democratic position, while dividing Republicans, and one that remains atop the list of voter concerns. Is the president in campaign mode one year after his re-election and one year before the 2014 midterms?“I just promise that in November of 2013 I haven't had a single conversation about 2014,” Carney insisted Monday.Riiiiiiight. The White House has said that the president will travel to Dallas on Wednesday for an event with health care volunteers — and then fundraising for the Democratic Senate campaign fund. On Friday, after a stop in New Orleans to discuss export growth, Obama will head to Miami for more Democratic fundraisers.And somehow neither the president nor Vice President Joe Biden mentioned the Affordable Care Act directly when they headlined separate rallies for Virginia gubernatorial candidate Terry McAuliffe on Sunday and Monday. His GOP opponent, Ken Cuccinelli, has bet his chances for an upset win on opposition to the health care law.But for the first time in its brief history, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act’s fate isn’t up to congressional arm-twisters, or White House negotiators or even the voters. It’s up to a phalanx of experts (affectionately dubbed “the nerds” by some in the West Wing) doing surprisingly literal damage control, trying to fix HealthCare.govDemocrats and Republicans alike say that repairing the site by the administration’s self-imposed early December deadline could dramatically reshape the Obamacare battlefield.“It comes down to the website, which has really been a manifestation of people’s fears. It validates people’s concerns about the law,” a top aide to a Democratic senator up for re-election in 2014 told Yahoo News.“The best thing that could happen for us is for the fix to be good enough, the enrollment drive good enough, that it makes what happened in the last two months seem like it never happened,” said the aide, speaking anonymously to discuss the situation candidly. “We need this law to work.”After that, Democrats say, the law could benefit from steadily growing numbers of Americans getting benefits.But “this fix, the website, the enrollment drive that comes next, it has got to dwarf what came before, make it look like a campaign for elementary school class treasurer,” the Democratic aide said.“I won’t say that fixing the website two months after it launched is a huge victory, but the website was an obvious, easily understood failure we had nothing to do with,” one Republican congressional aide told Yahoo News. “We’ll still push on the job losses and the ‘if you like your plan, you can keep it.’”Republicans have seized on Obama’s refrain as evidence of dishonesty. Major news outlets have highlighted the many thousands of people losing their existing health care coverage because it does not meet the law’s more generous requirements.On Monday, Obama himself tried to retroactively add a little fine print. “What we said was, you could keep it if it hasn’t changed since the law was passed,” he told supporters.That was in the legislation — plans that existed before it became law (and remained unchanged) were grandfathered in. New plans or those that underwent modifications had to adhere to the ACA’s tougher standards. The White House points out that plans disappeared all the time before the Affordable Care Act — and that many of those vanishing now offer precious little actual coverage. Obama aides also underline that the higher cost of options provided under the new law reflect more generous benefits, while emphasizing that many Americans will qualify for subsidies to make it easier to buy health insurance.But those qualifiers weren’t in Obama’s public campaigning.“Nobody is changing what you’ve got if you’re happy with it,” the president said the day he signed the measure into law. “If you like your doctor you will be able to keep your doctor.”The White House also has deployed more standard weapons — an array of what it calls “fact checks,” positive anecdotes to counter the (frequently dubious) horror stories, and links to positive coverage.Outreach to worried congressional Democrats has been uneven. After the problem-plagued Oct. 1 rollout, it wasn’t until Oct. 30 that all Senate Democratic offices received their first White House-drafted talking points — a delay one Democratic leadership aide blamed on the two-week government shutdown.(UPDATE: Another Senate Democratic leadership aide wrote in to dispute that account, saying that all Senate Democratic offices “were provided with message guidance and talking points consistently, both from the White House and HHS [Department of Health and Human Services], throughout October.”)At the same time, the administration has held at least 20 briefings this year for lawmakers of both parties, and 10 more for staff.“These briefings, were both offered proactively to and done at the request of lawmakers from both sides of the aisle, and are in addition to regular, constant outreach conducted at the staff level between White House staffers and Hill staffers on a daily basis,” said White House spokesman Eric Schultz. “They also are in addition to four meetings the president himself had in early October with House Democrats, House Republicans, Senate Democrats and Senate Republicans. “Obama aides have taken the president’s lead and adopted a freshly combative tone — but that may be in part because they know things will get worse before they get better.In mid-November, the administration is due to release the number of Americans who have successfully enrolled in health insurance plans under the Affordable Care Act.Even with day-by-day improvements to HealthCare.gov, administration officials expect that number to be low, touching off a fresh round of criticisms.“We're only one month into a six-month open enrollment period,” Obama said Monday. “It’s not as if this is a one-day sale or something. So we've just got to keep on working.”Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was attacked while walking her dogs in Riverside, California on Saturday. She died in hospital from her injuries.Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s corruption trial resumed Monday, with a key witness painting a picture of an image-obsessed Israeli leader forcing a prominent news site to flatter his family and smear his opponents.  In a nationally televised address, Netanyahu accused prosecutors of persecuting him in an attempt to undermine the will of the voters and to drive him out of office.  Taken together, the court testimony and political consultations pointed to an increasingly uphill struggle for Netanyahu as he fights for his political life.Tampa Bay Buccaneers cornerback Carlton Davis tweeted a word used as an anti-Asian slur. He said it has a different meaning in South Florida."Our focus is not on the politics of it. It's on the policy," the Apple CEO said in a new interview.The high court said Google did nothing wrong in copying code to develop the Android operating system now used on most smartphones.  To create Android, which was released in 2007, Google wrote millions of lines of new computer code.  It also used about 11,500 lines of code copyrighted as part of Oracle's Java platform.A fake Kaitlin Bennett quote is spreading in the form of an altered image. Image forensics suggests someone altered an image to create the fake quote.Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.The following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemJane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., says it's time for Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius to resign for "gross incompetence" over the rocky start to a centerpiece of President Obama's health care law.It's not unusual for a GOP senator to call on a member of a Democratic Cabinet to resign, or vice versa. But when the senator and the Cabinet secretary hail from the same state, their families have long been friends, and the senator supported the secretary's confirmation, that's noteworthy.Sebelius and the Obama administration are taking a lot of blows over the new online health insurance exchanges that launched Oct. 1. Roberts has long been a critic of the health care law, and the computer glitches that have marred the rollout of the online exchanges are his last straw."Everything we warned about has come to pass," Roberts said in a statement that was especially critical of Sebelius' much-mocked appearance on The Daily Showwith Jon Stewart.  "They can see Obamacare has failed them. We need a secretary who can admit when enough is enough."Sebelius, a former governor of Kansas, defended the administration's launch of the health insurance exchanges. People have complained about long delays to sign up or not being able to do so at all because the Healthcare.gov website crashes. "Nobody wants Americans to have to wait to sign up," she wrote in an op-ed column for USA TODAY. "Engineers are working day and night to make upgrades. We're adding more servers to enable the system to handle larger loads. And we're upgrading our software as well to make the system more efficient and enable it to handle higher volumes."Roberts said at Sebelius' confirmation hearing in 2009 that they enjoyed a "special relationship." He was a congressional aide to Keith Sebelius, the secretary's father-in-law, and considers him his "godfather" in politics.Follow @ccamia on Twitter.
                          This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
                          or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
                          Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
                       It seems you clicked on a bad link and stumbled upon our 404 pageThis material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2020 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.A crucial GOP line of attack against the Affordable Care Act (ACA) is that millions of people will supposedly lose coverage thanks to shifting requirements on the health insurance exchanges — a flagrant violation of President Obama’s infamous “if you like your plan, you can keep it” proclamation. The truth has always been more complicated, of course. Republicans are constantly blurring the line between people who lose a plan and people who lose coverage. That is, many people might lose a particular insurance plan but immediately be presented with other options.Now, a new report from the minority staff of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce has destroyed the foundation of that particular GOP claim. It projects that only 10,000 people will lose coverage because of the ACA and be unable to regain it — or in other words, 0.2 percent of the oft-cited 5 million cancellations statistic.The report starts with an assumption that 4.7 million will receive cancellation notices about their 2013 plan. (Notably it doesn’t endorse that figure, just takes it on for the sake of argument.) But of those, who will get a new plan?“This new report shows that people will get the health insurance coverage they need, contrary to the dire predictions of Republicans,” said Rep. Henry Waxman (D-Calif.), the ranking committee member.  “Millions of American families are already benefiting from the law.”The report is somewhat speculative, of course, since there is no central repository of data on the individual health insurance market. But the methods are clear, and the onus is now on Republicans to explain why it isn’t true.As we’ve noted, Republicans have had an awful hard time finding people who completely lost coverage because of the ACA. (Think of the man who starred in Americans for Prosperity ads last week and whose story still hasn’t been fully explained.) Perhaps it’s because there just aren’t that many of them.Of course, there’s no doubt that for those 10,000 people, the health-care law left them worse off than before. And by no means is the rocky political ride over for Democrats — back-end problems still present a serious threat to implementation. But as is sadly too often the case, the arguments made by Republicans simply lack a firm factual basis — and deserve much more scrutiny that they’ve received in many sectors of the mainstream press.This is my final post filling in for Greg at Plum Line. It’s been a real pleasure. You can follow my regular blog at The Nation here, and follow me on Twitter @gzornick. The most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyAdvertisementSupported byBy Mark Landler and Jonathan WeismanWASHINGTON — President Obama, facing implacable opposition to a strike against Syria in Congress and throughout the country, said Tuesday that he would hold off on military action for now and pursue a Russian proposal for international monitors to take over and destroy Syria’s arsenal of chemical weapons.Speaking to the nation from the White House, Mr. Obama laid out his most extensive and detailed case for an attack to punish Syria for its use of chemical weapons. But he also acknowledged the deep doubts of Americans who after the experience of Iraq and Afghanistan view any form of military engagement in Syria with alarm.In a speech that only 48 hours ago was going to be solely a call to arms, Mr. Obama instead offered a qualified endorsement of a proposal that his own advisers conceded was rife with risk, given Russia’s steadfast refusal to agree to any previous measures to pressure Syria, its longtime ally.“It’s too early to tell whether this offer will succeed, and any agreement must verify that the Assad regime keeps its commitments,” Mr. Obama said. “But this initiative has the potential to remove the threat of chemical weapons without the use of force.”The president said he had asked Congressional leaders to postpone a vote authorizing military action — a vote he was almost certain to lose — even while making the moral case for punishing Syria for its deadly use of chemical weapons. What Mr. Obama did not say was how long he was willing to wait, what would convince him that the Russian proposal was credible, and what he would do if it was not.For Mr. Obama, the 16-minute address from the East Room was a frank acknowledgment of how radically the political and diplomatic landscape had shifted in just a few days. With officials on Capitol Hill, at the United Nations and in foreign capitals flocking to embrace Russia’s plan as an alternative to force, Mr. Obama found himself struggling to redefine the terms of the debate.His speech capped a day of rapid-fire developments as the United Nations Security Council scheduled and then canceled a meeting, Syria embraced the Russian proposal, and Mr. Obama sent Secretary of State John Kerry to Geneva for two days of negotiations with his Russian counterpart.Even in the face of widespread opposition, Mr. Obama made an impassioned case for a retaliatory strike, saying in starkly emotional terms that President Bashar al-Assad’s use of chemical weapons could not be tolerated.“The images from this massacre are sickening,” Mr. Obama said, “Men, women, and children lying in rows, killed by poison gas, others foaming at mouth, gasping for breath, a father clutching his dead children, imploring them to get up and walk.”Mr. Obama also framed his case in political terms. He asked those on the right to reconcile their commitment to America’s military might with a failure to act now. And he asked those on the left to reconcile their belief in freedom and dignity “with those images of children writhing in pain and going still on a cold hospital floor.”“For sometimes,” he said, “resolutions and statements of condemnation are not enough.”Yet for now at least, the debate will focus on the language of diplomacy — and particularly a Russian plan that has stirred doubt among administration officials, lawmakers and diplomats. Some of them said it would allow Syria to play for time and was calculated to undermine the drive for Congressional and international support for a strike. Others said the idea of securing chemical weapons stockpiles in the midst of a brutal civil war was fanciful.Moreover, the diplomatic efforts — which began after Russia’s foreign minister, Sergey V. Lavrov, announced his proposal on Monday — quickly ran into trouble. A meeting of the United Nations Security Council was canceled Tuesday afternoon after Russia clashed with the United States and France over whether to make its proposal binding and back it up with the threat of force.“We need a full resolution from the Security Council to have the confidence that this has the force it ought to have,” Mr. Kerry said in a live Google + Hangout interview with Nicholas D. Kristof, a, New York Times Op-Ed columnist. “Right now the Russians are in a slightly different place on that.”Mr. Kerry and Mr. Lavrov will meet in Geneva on Thursday to work out these disagreements. Before Russia made its announcement, Mr. Kerry expressed blunt skepticism that Syria could be trusted to turn over its stockpile, which is dispersed around the country. In testimony to Congress on Tuesday, he described the Obama administration’s position on the Russian plan.“It has to be swift, it has to be real, it has to be verifiable,” Mr. Kerry told the House Armed Services Committee. “It cannot be a delaying tactic.”In signaling his country’s cooperation, the Syrian foreign minister, Walid al-Moallem, said Tuesday that Damascus would turn over its chemical weapons arsenal to Russia, the United Nations and “other countries” — a startling concession, given that as recently as this week Mr. Assad had disputed that Syria even possessed chemical weapons.Mr. Obama’s decision to work through the Security Council is itself a shift, given that 10 days ago he described it as “completely paralyzed and unwilling to hold Assad accountable.” But administration officials said they were swayed by the level of detail in the Russian proposal, which grew out of an impromptu conversation between Mr. Obama and President Vladimir V. Putin on the sidelines of a summit meeting in St. Petersburg, Russia, last week.“The Lavrov statement was quite comprehensive,” a senior administration official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. “Frankly, it exceeded expectations in the level of detail it went into.”On Capitol Hill, where opposition to a strike was hardening, senators emerged from lunchtime meetings with Mr. Obama optimistic that Congress could shift from a resolution authorizing force to one that would give diplomacy more time.The president impressed on them the need to keep the pressure on Syria and Russia, but expressed support for a delay in any vote until the Security Council makes clear what it plans to do.“I didn’t see any anxiety on the part of the president for an immediate need for action,” said Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland.While the House was considered the major obstacle for Mr. Obama in seeking approval for a strike, a shift in the Senate began taking shape before the Russian proposal Monday, when it became clear that the straightforward resolution authorizing force that the president had sought was highly unlikely to pass there either. Only a handful of Republicans were yes votes, and at least 15 Democrats were likely to vote no.Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona and one of the strongest supporters of a strike, contacted a fellow Republican hawk, Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, on Saturday to try to put together a new negotiating group.On Monday, Mr. McCain and Mr. Graham met in the Capitol and brought in two senior Democratic senators, Carl Levin of Michigan, chairman of the Armed Services Committee, and Charles E. Schumer of New York.Mr. Levin stressed Tuesday that the alternative resolution developed by the group would authorize a military strike, but set aside that authority if Mr. Assad placed his chemical weapons under the control of the United Nations, as Russia has proposed.“This is kind of a twofer,” Mr. Levin said. “It’s a way of keeping the pressure on Syria and on Russia to get rid of chemical weapons, which is the goal of the whole effort, and second, if they fail, it would keep the authorization to launch a strike.”The approach quickly gained supporters in both parties. It meshed with an alternative resolution drafted by two Democratic senators, Joe Manchin III of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota, which would have given Mr. Assad 45 days to join and comply with the Chemical Weapons Convention or face “all elements of national power.”Mr. Graham cautioned that no one should conclude that the latest negotiations would produce a resolution strong enough to maintain a credible threat but capable of passing Congress. “I’m not going to embrace a U.N. path until I see it’s real,” he said.Such wariness may be warranted. Russia quickly opposed a draft United Nations resolution circulated by France because it would authorize force if the weapons transfer fell through. The draft, Mr. Lavrov told France’s foreign minister, Laurent Fabius, was “unacceptable.”Russia favors a presidential statement, which is far less binding. It would call on the United Nations secretary general and the organization that oversees the Chemical Weapons Convention to carry out the plan to put Syria’s arsenal under international control.The diplomatic maneuvering brought criticism from some Arab countries. “This does not stop the bloodshed in Syria,” said Bahrain’s foreign minister, Sheik Khalid bin Ahmed al-Khalifa, after a meeting of gulf states.Advertisement“[T]he primary leaders and funders of the anti-immigration movement were drawn to it because they were also active organizers and supporters of, and contributors to, the population-control movement in the United States,” Mario Lopez, a speaker on the call, recently wrote. Lopez is President of the Hispanic Leadership Fund. Lopez was joined on the call by Josh Culling, with Grover Norquist’s Americans for Tax Reform.This ad hominem argument is both inane and irrelevant. People come into issues from all kinds of vantage points. I have no doubt that there active immigration reform opponents who are liberals or have overblown worries about population growth. Those views, however, don’t discredit what they may say on a different issue. Nor do those views discredit what people without those views believe on an issue. Friday’s call was a leftist tactic to discount what millions of Americans feel about an issue because some other people hold views with which they would disagree. It was reminiscent of the media’s attempt to smear the entire Tea Party movement because a handful of people said or did something stupid. Even if one were to cede the premise that an entire infrastructure to oppose immigration reform were built by population control activists, the fact is immaterial to the concerns many have about the legislation before the Senate. Even if you support expansive legal immigration, it is a bad bill. Its fatal flaw is that it doesn’t secure the border or increase enforcement in any meaningful way. One doesn’t have to be a population control zealot to see the fundamental problem with that approach. Surely, the speakers would hopefully acknowledge, there are many opposed to the Senate bill who don’t believe in population control. I would wager the overwhelming majority of Americans who have concerns about the bill are not advocates of abortion or eugenics to control the population. So, why are the views of a decided minority relevant to an issue with national implications? The richest irony of the call was that the speakers are allies of groups like SEIU and La Raza in supporting the specific Senate proposal. One could just as easily have a convened a press call to discuss the “history” behind these groups and why conservatives should be cautious about working with them. The speakers on the call, for example, acknowledged doing at least some work with the National Immigration Forum, which has received considerable funding from George Soros’ Open Society Institute. Is that the proper alliance for a conservative?No one should schedule such a call, however. Issues should be decided on merits, not ad hominem aspersions about someone else’s motives. The call was an attempt to smear all opposition to the Senate bill as arising out of the questionable beliefs of a few people. It was an attempt to quash, rather than foster, debate on the underlying merits of the proposal.The call also perpetuated a dangerously false choice. Conservatives should either accept legislation largely written by Sen. Chuck Schumer or be labeled as against reform. That our allies are forcing this choice is unconscionable.    PoliticsChuck SchumerSenate.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 Breitbart
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        Aug. 1, 2013: House Speaker John Boehner takes questions from reporters at a Capitol Hill news conference. (AP)As the Obama administration moves ever-closer to a possible military strike on Syria, members of Congress are demanding they at least have a say in the decision -- with some pressuring President Obama to first seek their approval.It's unclear whether the demands would slow down the administration, as it begins to build the public case for a military strike. One Defense official told Fox News that a U.S. strike is "not a matter of if, but when."White House Press Secretary Jay Carney stressed Tuesday afternoon that the president has not yet decided to authorize the use of military force. But he made a legal argument for doing so, saying that the United States and 188 other nations are signatories to a chemical weapons convention opposing the use of such weapons, and that there must be a response to a clear violation of those terms.While officials had indicated the intelligence documents implicating the Assad regime might be released as early as Tuesday, the administration has not yet made them public.The quickly moving developments, in response to an alleged chemical weapons strike by the Assad regime last week, have lawmakers -- currently on summer recess -- clamoring for influence in a decision that has wide-ranging implications for both the Syrian civil war and the U.S. itself.Republican Rep. Scott Rigell of Virginia is asking colleagues to sign a letter to Obama that urges him to reconvene Congress and seek approval first for any military action.Other lawmakers are stopping short of demanding a vote, but still want the administration to bring them into the process before moving ahead."I expect the Commander in Chief would consult with Congress in the days ahead as he considers the options available to him," Rep. Buck McKeon, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, R-Calif., said in a statement, while urging the administration to "act decisively."Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, on Tuesday urged the administration to submit a "detailed plan" on the objectives and cost of any strike.After House Speaker John Boehner's office complained that the White House had not been in touch, a White House official reached out to Boehner Monday afternoon to discuss the Syria situation.Boehner spokesman Brendan Buck said the speaker, too, "made clear that before any action is taken there must be meaningful consultation with members of Congress, as well as clearly defined objectives and a broader strategy to achieve stability."Likewise, Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va., said: "Absent an imminent threat to United States national security, the U.S. should not be engaged in military action without congressional approval."Secretary of State John Kerry has been reaching out to Congress on the sidelines.Lawmakers, in urging the administration to consult with them, point in part to the War Powers Resolution of 1973. The resolution technically requires the president to seek congressional authorization when the military is sent into "hostilities" for anything but a retaliatory attack or formally declared war. But presidents have routinely flouted or found ways around that resolution -- the resolution, for instance, did not stop Obama from teaming up with Britain and France for airstrikes in Libya against Muammar Qaddafi's government.The Obama administration seems to be waiting for top allies -- like Britain and France -- to get on board before advancing with any plans to attack Syria.In Britain, Prime Minister David Cameron has called back Parliament to debate and vote on a Syria plan on Thursday. And in France, President Francois Hollande on Tuesday said France "is ready to punish" those who gassed hundreds in Syria.In Washington, some members of Congress have long been opposed to intervention in Syria. But a number of high-ranking officials are speaking out in favor of a limited strike. Sen. Bill Nelson, D-Fla., was the latest to say a multinational military action would be "appropriate"Polls over the past year have shown the public is far less interested in getting more deeply involved in Syria. A Fox News poll in July found only 11 percent of voters favored sending weapons to the opposition. Forty-four percent said the U.S. should get out of the conflict entirely.The Associated Press contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      The smoking gun in the new Republican report? That Hillary Clinton "signed" memos rejecting stepped-up security at the compound, thus proving that everything was all her fault, period, exclamation point, Ronald Reagan smiley face. There's only one little problem with that: Clinton did not "sign" the letter. Darrell Issa and the rest of the Crack House Investigative Team of Superheroes got confused on a basic fact of how the State Department works, and not one of them bothered to actually freaking check, just once, with the State Department as to their top-notch theory of things:Because of this protocol, “Secretary Clinton ‘signed’ hundreds of thousands of cables during her tenure as secretary,” said State Department spokesman Patrick H. Ventrell. “As then-Secretary Clinton testified, the security cables related to Benghazi did not come to her attention. These cables were reviewed at the assistant secretary level.”“Although a telephone call could have clarified this issue in a matter of moments, you chose not to check with the Department before making these highly inflammatory and erroneous accusations in a public forum.”(CNN) – Attorney General Eric Holder’s direct involvement in the decision to search a reporter’s e-mail records should bar him from leading a review of how the government investigates national security leaks, Republicans argued Sunday.The decision to apply for a warrant to search Fox News reporter James Rosen’s private correspondence was vetted at the Justice Department's highest levels, including Holder, a Justice official said last week, although the later decision to issue the warrant was made by a federal magistrate judge.

The Obama administration's aggressive posture against leaks to reporters on national security matters has come under scrutiny as probes of Rosen and Associated Press reporters have come to light.It prompted Obama to announce on Thursday that he has directed Holder to review federal guidelines for investigating leaks and reporters. That review will include assembling a panel of media representatives.  But Republicans argued Sunday that Holder was too entwined in the various leak investigations to objectively review his agency’s rules.“You cannot investigate yourself, and I think it's a total conflict of interest,” said Sen. Tom Coburn, R-Oklahoma, on CBS’s “Face the Nation.”MORE: News Corp long aware of Fox News subpoenaThe investigation into Rosen centered on a 2009 leak of intelligence related to North Korea and the potential ramifications of imposing further sanctions on the country. Investigators searched Rosen’s phone records, e-mails, and security badge logs at the State Department in the course of their probe.In a separate case, records from Associated Press reporters and editors were seized as the government attempted to find out who leaked classified information about a terrorist plot based in Yemen.While employees of the AP were not cited as potential criminals, an FBI affidavit used to obtain the warrant for Rosen's e-mails described him as potentially being an "aider and abettor and/or co-conspirator" to the crime of disclosing government secrets.A top State Department official was charged with leaking government secrets in the Rosen case, though formal charges were never filed against Rosen or Fox News.The disclosure that government investigators have used journalists’ phone and e-mail records to try to ferret out leakers has led to an outcry from news organizations and civil liberties advocates. Speaking Thursday, Obama said he was “troubled by the possibility that leak investigations may chill the investigative journalism that holds government accountable."Earlier this month, the White House said it was asking Sen. Charles Schumer, D-New York, to reintroduce so-called “reporter shield” legislation that would put in place stricter standards for government seizure of media records.The bill would switch the sensitive decisions on investigating journalists from the attorney general, who is currently empowered to issue subpoenas to news organizations, to a federal judge, who is independent of the executive branch.Schumer said Sunday that he and Sen. Lindsey Graham have assembled a bipartisan group of eight senators to help push the measure forward.“If we can set up these rules, I think we'll avoid the morass,” Schumer said on CBS. “You always need set rules and an independent arbiter. We have neither now.”Graham, appearing on “Fox News Sunday,” said the recent Justice Department incidents are grounds for a special counsel, who he argued could more objectively review the government’s rules for investigating journalists.“When classified information is leaked into the public that can put operations or American operatives in harm's way, we've got to find a way to pursue that. But this is clearly an overreach,” said Graham, R-South Carolina.Even one Democrat said Holder’s impartiality was an open question. Sen. Dick Durbin, on “Fox News Sunday,” said he would “like to know if Holder has any conflict in here beyond what we've heard when it comes to the Fox case.”“When classified information is leaked into the public that can put operations or American operatives in harm's way, we've got to find a way to pursue that. But this is clearly an overreach,”subpoenaing phone records prior to before obtaining them doesn't seem like an overreach.Holder is the perfect choice for the investigation.  He will hide any implication that Obama was involved in anyway.  He will find a pair of sacrificial lambs to cover himself.
Game.
Set.
Match.
It is the perfect "murder" of the US citizen's trust in government.WHO is leaking classified  intelligence to the Media  Especially to Faux (fox) news.  The subpoenas to fox were THREE years ago.  And fox is just now talking about them.  More fake outrage from the Faux news station and its followersCoburn, of course, total waste of food.  Or could it really be Witchfinder General Issa thats against Holder.  That would be a better bet.Maybe its payback time for Eric Holder against his political pitbull in Issa..This time he'll get to tell Issa where to go and stay there until spoken too!!“When classified information is leaked into the public that can put operations or American operatives in harm's way, we've got to find a way to pursue that. But this is clearly an overreach,” said Graham, R-South Carolina.An overreach HOW, Butters?  Define.  Holder was totally within current law, and also got warrants from judges.  This is not capricious spying on the Press or any other citizens.  It's an "overreach" if you have a political ax to grind, I suppose.Oh, and a note to Obama:  enough of the concern-trolling about Holder's behavior.  If you don't like what he did, fire him.  Stop giving Butters Graham and Co. ammunition against your Administration ... sheesh.Leave Holder alone.  The GOP does not like his color, that is the same way with our President.Hillary and obama are keep lied talked story what happened about murder of 4 amercian at benghazia
   Ron paul are better keep his speech for 13 hour than presdient obama
    Why not obama could get impeach out of white house but what happened about bill clinton was impeached out of white house
   That is not fair about obamaSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALPoliticsCongressVerizon.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartProgress Texas, another of the organizations, faced the same lines of questioning as the Tea Party groups from the same IRS office that issued letters to the Republican-friendly applicants. A third group, Clean Elections Texas, which supports public funding of campaigns, also received IRS inquiries.The other point he makes, which we're not hearing frequently or loudly enough in the response to the kerfuffle, is a real scandal: "the social welfare tax exemption is being used by existing 501(c)(4) organizations, including some very large ones, to promote partisan political interests—the very activity Congress has explicitly prohibited for a century." In other words, Karl Rove and Crossroads.This is a serious issue, one deserving of investigation. But Republicans could be biting off more than they can chew if it causes a bright light to be shone on how politically partisan organizations, like Rove's, are exploiting the law.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.NEW: In midst of controversies, Obama pushes Congress on student loansObama administration faces congressional probes of IRS, Benghazi, AP Republicans say the issues reflect government gone wildDemocrats contend GOP foes politicize the process
  When President Barack Obama headed to the Jersey Shore this week to tout the recovery effort from Superstorm Sandy, congressional Republicans sought to keep the nation’s focus on Washington.

  On the same day Obama played “Touchdown Fever” with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie on the Point Pleasant boardwalk and urged Americans to come spend money in the devastated region, House GOP committee leaders ensured that a series of controversies dominating the start of the president’s second term remained in the headlines.

  Obama quoted from the Tom Waits song “Jersey Girl” popularized by local hero Bruce Springsteen, while GOP officials announced subpoenas of State Department records involving last year’s deadly Benghazi terrorist attack, questioned if Attorney General Eric Holder lied to Congress about cracking down on journalists and announced another congressional hearing on IRS targeting of conservative groups.

  And on Friday, Obama stood in the Rose Garden to push Congress to extend student loan rates that are set to double on July 1 if the White House and Republicans can’t strike a deal.

  It’s all part of a high-stakes showdown over political messaging, with the White House trying to shift the focus from the controversies that Republicans seek to emphasize in their efforts to retain their House majority and perhaps win control of the Senate in next year’s congressional elections.

  “Voters react against what they perceive to be excess and overkill,” said Republican pollster Kellyanne Conway, who noted that recent polls show the public believes one of the current controversies – the IRS targeting of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status – amounted to government overreach.

  “Any political party that overreaches usually gets slapped back by the public,” she added, referring to losses suffered by parties in power in mid-term elections in 1994, 2006 and 2010.

  The GOP narrative depicts  a government gone wild, with party leaders and strategists accusing the Obama administration of routinely abusing its powers. To bolster their argument, they lump the three controversies together in an effort to create a sweeping example of leaders avoiding accountability and responsibility.

  “Benghazi. The IRS. AP phone records. The failures for which Barack Obama will be remembered are not just those of one man or one administration,” Republican strategist Alex Castellanos, a CNN contributor, recently wrote in an opinion piece. “They are the failures of an old idea – that big, old, dumb, top-down, factory style government can manage the complexities of modern times.”

  Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, the 2012 GOP vice presidential nominee, complained of “an arrogant abuse of power” by the president.

  “Now in his second term, now that he’s implementing his agenda, we are seeing big government in practice,” the House Budget Committee chairman said Wednesday on Fox.

  Asked if the controversies would bring Republican victories in next year’s congressional elections to take control of the Senate while retaining their majority in the House, Ryan said it was “just way too premature to make a comment like that.”

  

  White House emphasizes business as usual

  For his part, Obama seemed to acknowledge his political troubles at a fundraiser on Wednesday night in Chicago, telling supporters that “sometimes we take a bad turn, sometimes we make mistakes.”

  At the same time, the president complained of “obstructionism for the sake of obstructionism” by political foes who appeared interested “only in scoring political points or placating a base, as opposed to trying to advance the interests of the American people.”

  “We’ve got to figure out a way to work around that,” he continued, declaring that the solution would be for Democrats to regain majority control in the House next year.

  Obama’s schedule this week demonstrated how the White House took a “business as usual” approach that emphasized low-risk issues for the president, such as Tuesday’s visit to New Jersey for a bipartisan review of recovery efforts with Christie, a leading Republican.

  The joint appearance benefited both men by portraying them as reasonable leaders able to work with political foes on major issues such as responding to a crisis like last year’s storm.

  Other events on the president’s agenda included two Chicago fundraisers and remarks at an Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month Celebration at the White House, all following last week’s major speech on security issues including U.S. drone policy and closing the Guantanamo Bay detention facility that houses terror suspects.

  Despite the White House efforts to shift the focus from the Washington controversies, Wednesday’s briefing with reporters by chief spokesman Jay Carney showed the difficulty. 

  While the first questions were about other matters – a reported drone strike, the Syrian civil war and cyber-security issues with China – CNN’s Jim Acosta then asked about GOP accusations that Holder may have lied to Congress about the secret subpoenas and search warrants obtained by the Justice Department in recent years for information from journalists involved in reporting classified information.

  Reporters from NBC, CBS and Fox quickly followed up on the same topic, forcing Carney to defend Holder and reiterate Obama’s confidence in him.

  On Thursday, White House spokesman Josh Earnest told reporters aboard Air Force One from Chicago that Obama would later attend his annual hurricane season briefing. He then faced more questions about Holder, with Earnest expressing Obama’s confidence that the controversies would not affect the attorney general’s ability to do his job.

  

  GOP singles out Holder

  Republicans have taken particular aim at Holder, an old nemesis from his days in the Clinton administration who has been a political lightning rod in the Obama administration. 

  He was cited for contempt of Congress by House Republicans last year in a dispute over documents related to the botched “Fast and Furious” gun-walking operation. Holder rejected the vote boycotted by most House Democrats as political theater.

  Critics now seek to link him to two cases stemming from Justice Department investigations of classified leaks – one involving secret subpoenas last year of phone records of Associated Press journalists, and the other about subpoenas and search warrants obtained in secret three years ago for phone records, e-mails and security badge details of Fox correspondent James Rosen.

  Some Republicans attempt to group the classified leaks cases with the other controversies – IRS targeting of conservative groups and erroneous talking points from the administration four days after the terrorist attack in Benghazi, Libya, last September that killed the U.S. ambassador and three other Americans.

  “I think it is time for Mr. Holder to step aside,” Republican Rep. Ron DeSantis of Florida told Fox News on Wednesday. “We need a new attorney general, especially with all of these matters that are now going to need investigation from the IRS to the DOJ treatment of reporters.  I just don’t think he is in a position where he can do that in a way that the American people expect.”

  Obama and Democrats joined Republicans in condemning the IRS targeting, which is under investigation by congressional committees as well as Holder’s Department of Justice. 

  The classified leaks investigations also raised concern among Democrats including Obama, who ordered Holder to conduct a review of how the government investigates such cases. 

  However, Democratic strategist Stephanie Cutter, a CNN political contributor, described Republican calls for Holder to resign as overkill, noting that GOP legislators had demanded an investigation into classified leaks in the first place.

  “I think that if the president took action every time a House Republican criticized a member of his Cabinet, we’d have a pretty empty government,” Cutter said when asked if Holder was proving a liability to Obama. “… For average Americans, they’re not really paying attention to this and they’re wondering, you know, why shouldn’t the Department of Justice investigate, you know, intelligence leaks about some of our most pressing national security issues?”

  

  Public responds to IRS

  A Quinnipiac University poll released Thursday appeared to back up some of Cutter’s assertion. 

  According to the survey, 44% of registered voters responded that the IRS probe of conservative groups seeking tax-exempt status was the most important of the controversies facing the Obama administration, while 24% said the handling of the Benghazi attack was the biggest concern. Only 15% called the Justice Department’s seizure of journalists’ phone records as the most important.

  By contrast, 73% of respondents said the economy was a higher priority than the three controversies, according to the survey. However, it also showed that more than three-quarters of respondents wanted a special prosecutor – rather than Holder – to investigate the IRS targeting.

  To liberal political analyst Earl Ofari Hutchinson, Republicans have attacked Holder as part of a broader strategy to tarnish the administration.

  “Typing Holder as the font of secrecy, manipulation and wrongdoing in the Obama administration will be played and replayed in the run-up to the 2014 elections,” Hutchinson wrote Thursday on his website. “The aim will be to paint Holder as an incompetent, conniving political hack who supposedly typifies the poor and untrustworthy judgment of Obama in picking his political appointees.”

  Conway, the GOP pollster, argued that the controversies all started with problematic acts by the administration.

  “It’s an advantage to the party out of power if the party in power is seen to be obfuscating or hiding the truth,” she said, noting that “these are not investigations that began in (Republican House Speaker) John Boehner’s office.”

  Jonathan Turley, a George Washington University constitutional lawyer, noted that most recent presidents faced accusations if not outright evidence of scandal in their second terms. 

  In the Obama administration, Turley said, Holder serves the role of “sin-eater,” or “people that would take your sins away for a price.”

  “Holder is the ultimate sin-eater in the beltway,” Turley argued on CNN. “He protects the president and he has an important use in that sense.”

  CNN’s Ashley Killough and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        FILE: February 14, 2013: A U.S. Marine participates in an amphibious assault exercise as part of the Cobra Gold 2013's joint military exercise at a military base in Chonburi province, east of Bangkok, Thailand. (REUTERS)Republicans on Saturday stepped up their call for President Obama to take the lead in negotiations to avert roughly $85 billion in automatic cuts to the military and other government spending next month by replacing the cuts with less drastic reductions.Alabama Republican Rep. Martha Roby said the president is responsible for the cuts because his administration proposed the plan, known as sequester, during the 2011 debt-limit negotiations.“In his State of the Union address, President Obama himself admitted that these cuts are a really bad idea,” Roby said Saturday in the weekly Republican address. “What the president failed to mention was sequester was his idea.”Roby, chairwoman of a House Armed Services subcommittee, is among several Republican lawmakers, including Tennessee Rep. Marsha Blackburn, who after Obama's speech Tuesday, is saying how the across-the-board cuts to the military would impact bases, including those in their home districts.Roby said her district’s Fort Rucker, the Army’s primary flight-training base, would lose 500 students training to be combat aviators.“The numbers are astounding,” said Roby, who voted against the August 2011 Budget Control Act. “This is just one set of cuts at one base.”The consequences of the sequester agreement were intended to be so drastic that the parties were expected to reach a deal before the cuts started.Roby is urging the president to consider two proposals by the Republican-controlled House that call for replacing sequester with more targeted cuts.However, the March 1 deadline is fast approaching with no deal, as the president is playing golf in Florida during the long President’s Day weekend and Congress is on a nine-day break.“Sequestration is going to take place,” Blackburn told CNBC on Wednesday.Leaders of the Democrat-controlled Senate announced a plan Thursday to avoid the cuts. However, the plan, a mix  of spending cuts and tax increases on the country’s highest earners, is not expected to pass. It further highlights the continuing debate on whether to solve the country’s fiscal problems with less spending or more taxes. “I disagree with Republicans who think we should do that by making even bigger cuts to things like education and job training; Medicare and Social Security benefits,” Obama said Saturday during his weekly address. “That would force our senior citizens and working families to bear the burden of deficit reduction while the wealthiest are asked to do nothing more.”Sequester would result in roughly $85 billion in cuts this year from the federal budget, with $46 billion from the Pentagon. No so-called "safety-net" programs would be cut. But the economy could lose an estimate 750,000 jobs as a result of sequester, which cuts $1.2 trillion in spending over the next decade.“President Obama and Senate Democrats see sequester as another opportunity to push through another tax hike,” Roby said. “The ink has barely dried on the tax hikes the president pushed through in January.”Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      After answering questions Monday morning about two of the controversies that have undermined his administration, President Obama flew off to New York to raise money for the Democratic Party. There, before partisan donors, he reflected on his second term and said he will continue to reach out to Republicans. “I sure want to do some governing,” he explained.Obama’s words suggest that he believes there is a way to compartmentalize the business of his second term: legislative and other business here, scandals over there. But things are too messy for that right now. A politician who has counted good luck as part of his skill set will need all the breaks he can muster to pull off that bit of political jujitsu.Even in the best of times, Obama’s outreach to Republicans produced little in return — and these are no longer close to the best of times. The question is whether the barely civil relationship between the White House and the opposition party has been irreparably damaged. A related question is how much the controversies will weaken Obama’s standing with the public. Together, the answers will decide how effectively he can govern.It is too early to draw any broad conclusions about the long-term damage to Obama’s presidency from the news that the Internal Revenue Service targeted conservative groups and that the Justice Department collected two months of phone records from Associated Press reporters and editors. But in the moment, these controversies — along with the ongoing congressional investigation of the attacks in Benghazi, Libya — have created major challenges for the administration.The president and his advisers have tried to insulate the White House from the actions of the IRS and the Justice Department, claiming ignorance. The IRS, officials argued Friday, is quasi-independent. It took the president three days to express his outrage at the agency’s actions. As for the Justice Department’s leak investigation, White House officials said Monday night that it was a department decision that was not forwarded to the president.Those are temporary responses that probably will not be sufficient over time. The White House may have known nothing about either, but both are now the president’s problem. And both reflect questions about the administration that predate the revelations of the past few days.The tea party movement has been a political nemesis for Obama since the first year of his presidency. The movement helped turn the battle over health care into one of the most divisive fights of his presidency. The political potency of the grass-roots activists who rallied behind tea party banners helped deliver the worst midterm-election defeat to a party holding the White House in 70 years.The president and his advisers may not have known anything about IRS targeting of tea party groups for greater scrutiny, but the abuse of power confirmed complaints by conservatives and GOP lawmakers that the practice was taking place and impressions among conservatives that the administration is truly hostile to the tea party movement. Holding those responsible accountable will be only part of Obama’s challenge in responding.Less is known about the Justice Department’s leak investigation. It was carried out by an administration that came into office talking about the importance of civil liberties, but whose record has been a disappointment to civil libertarians. No one can recall anything as far-reaching as what the Justice Department apparently did in secretly gathering information about the work of AP journalists.Obama showed his greatest passion Monday when he denounced the GOP-led inquiry of the killing of four Americans in a terrorist attack in Benghazi on Sept. 11, 2012. That partisan politics are involved in the congressional investigation is certainly the case. In addition to whatever enmity is felt toward the Obama administration over its handling of the aftermath, GOP leaders see former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton for what she is, which is a potentially formidable presidential candidate in 2016.Obama argued that the current focus on administration talking points is a political sideshow. As others, including The Post’s Glenn Kessler, have noted, the multiple alterations in those talking points appeared to reflect an internal turf war between the State Department and the CIA. Obama argued that it was hardly a coverup.Given the timing of the attack in Benghazi, which occurred in the heat of a presidential race, White House officials worked to keep the issue from becoming part of the campaign debate — and GOP nominee Mitt Romney’s maladroit handling of it at the start provided convenient cover for the White House. Obama’s campaign put Romney on the defensive, rather than the opposite, although the deaths of the four Americans — and the subsequent security lapses that were enumerated — were a major stain on the administration. As questions were raised, White House officials avoided drawing conclusions about the origins of the attacks. Even as the head of the National Counterterrorism Center testified that what happened at the U.S. diplomatic post in Benghazi was a terrorist attack, the president continued to resist labeling it as such. For whatever reason, the administration’s semantic gamesmanship contributed to what the president now dismisses as a sideshow.Obama is early into his second term, but it has not gone as planned. His gun-control initiative was blocked. Prospects for a grand bargain on the budget are problematic. Immigration reform is moving forward slowly in the Senate and faces uncertainty in the House, although administration officials remain optimistic that Congress eventually will approve a bill. On Monday night in New York, the president said, “I’m going to do everything I can over the next 31 / 2 years to continue to reach out to my Republican friends on the other side of the aisle. . . . I want to get some stuff done. I don’t have a lot of time.” He will have to spend some of that precious time trying to clean up unexpected messes that have landed on his desk. How seriously off track his administration is will depend in large part on how skillfully Obama handles what is before him. balzd@washpost.com 
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Debate over president's leadership roleIt’s past time for the media to begin asking President Obama tough questions about the IRS conservative targeting scandal.  After all he was involved, publicly, from the beginning.Last Friday, the American Center for Law and Justice (where I serve as Chief Counsel) filed its Second Amended Complaint against the United States, the IRS, and a legion of IRS officials.  This Complaint, in which we represent 41 organizations in 22 states, presents perhaps the most complete story yet of the IRS conservative targeting scandal.And it is an ugly story indeed.What was sold to the American public as a low-level scandal perpetrated by a few rogue employees – a scandal stopped after senior officials became aware and asserted control – is now (to borrow a Watergate phrase) “no longer operative.”[pullquote]Instead, we detail a long-running assault on the Tea Party, beginning shortly after its emergence in 2009, that is empowered, encouraged, and orchestrated not only by senior IRS officials in Washington, but also through outright targeting by the White House, Congressional Democrats, and the mainstream media.In fact, the IRS was doing little more than focusing its attention exactly where the president of the United States told it to focus – on the groups the president himself identified as a “threat to democracy.”Consider President Obama’s aggressive public statements – made just as we now know senior IRS officials were intentionally and aggressively scrutinizing conservative groups’ applications for tax exemption.On August 9, 2010 the president warned of “attack ads run by shadowy groups with harmless-sounding names” during his weekly radio address.  The President said:  We don’t know who’s behind these ads and we don’t know who’s paying for them . . . you don’t know if it’s a foreign controlled corporation. ... The only people who don’t want to disclose the truth are people with something to hide.”On September 16, 2010, President Obama once again warned that some unidentified “foreign-controlled entity” could be providing “millions of dollars” for “attack ads.”  Less than one week later, he complained that “nobody knows” the identities of the individuals who support conservative groups.On September 22, 2010, President Obama warned of groups opposing his policies “pos[ing] as non-for-profit social and welfare trade groups” and he claimed such groups were “guided by seasoned Republican political operatives” and potentially supported by some unidentified “foreign controlled entity.”On October 14, 2010, President Obama called organizations with “benign sounding” names “a problem for democracy”; the next week he complained about individuals who “hide behind those front groups,” called such groups a “threat to our democracy,” and claimed such groups were engaged in “unsupervised” spending.Next, consider the IRS’s actions following those statements.  Not only did the IRS continue its targeting, it issued broad questionnaires that made unconstitutionally-intrusive inquiries designed to get answers to exactly the questions President Obama posed.Who are your donors?What is the political activity of your family and associates?What are the passwords for your websites?After all, according to the president, you’re only afraid to answer these questions if “you’ve got something to hide.”The demagoguery is breathtaking.  Not only does he raise the wholly-unsubstantiated possibility of shadowy “foreign” involvement in the Tea Party groups, a charge incredible on its face, but he goes the extra mile of calling such groups, a “threat to our democracy.”When the president of the United States declares these groups a “threat to our democracy” is it any surprise that his enthusiastic supporters (and donors) within the IRS responded with an unprecedented campaign of selective targeting, intimidation, and governmental intrusion?One grows weary of stating the obvious, but if President Bush had declared a specific category of citizen groups a “threat to democracy” potentially run by “political operatives” or “foreign-controlled,” and the IRS launched an unprecedented campaign of targeting and intrusive questioning, the mainstream media would have been relentless not only in its independent investigations but in its calls for accountability – at the highest levels.Was the president of the United States involved in the IRS scandal?  He was the one who identified the targets – in the most public manner possible.A president singling out citizens groups for targeting and intrusive questioning merely because he dislikes their message and fears their political influence?Now that is a “threat to democracy.”Get the recap of top opinion commentary and original content throughout the week.SubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      A new documentary on Showtime is revealing Dick Cheney at his most unguarded. With time he no longer cares about hiding the truth.He is going to die an old man in his bed. How many people won't because of his crimes?Via Maureen Dowd:"I had a job to do," he said.Continuing: "I got on the telephone with the president, who was in Florida, and told him not to be at one location where we could both be taken out." Mr. Cheney kept W. flying aimlessly in the air on 9/11 while he and Lynn left on a helicopter for a secure undisclosed location, leaving Washington in a bleak, scared silence, with no one reassuring the nation in those first terrifying hours."I gave the instructions that we'd authorize our pilots to take [the Pennsylvania flight] out... After I'd given the order, it was pretty quiet. Everybody had heard it, and it was obviously a significant moment."...He filled W.'s head with stories about conflicts between presidents and vice presidents sparked by the vice president's ambition, while protesting that he himself did not want the job....He was always goosing up W.'s insecurities so he could take advantage of them. To make his crazy and appallingly costly detour from Osama to Saddam by cherry-picking his fake case for invading Iraq, he played on W.'s fear of being lampooned as a wimp, as his father had been.Here's a deal: I can almost forgive Bush--I'll settle for Cheney in prison and Bush can be convicted of the crimes that he committed and then have his sentence commuted. It's incredible to compare what happened with Watergate--remember Barbara Jordan?--to the rabbit role we went down with Iraq, torture, spying, vote-rigging, kickbacks, conflicts of interest, corporate giveaways, economic terrorism and inside men.This is a matter of justice and responsibility.  This failure does not hang solely on President Obama's head or Nancy Pelosi's, although she sure deserves a lot of the blame. It hangs on the whole Democratic Party, and the whole nation, including the rotten state of the Republican Party.Republicans and conservative Democrats just voted to sell you out to Wall Street. In other words, it's Tuesday.Today, the House passed the so-called Retail Investor Protection Act 254 to 166.  30 Democrats voted with 224 Republicans in favor. 165 Democrats--and one Republican--voted against it. Those following H.R. 2374 thought it would pass with wide bipartisan margins, so having 165 Democratic NAY's was better than expected. The 30 Democratic YEA's still need to be named and shamed, however.First, let's begin with the important question: What is the Retail Investor Protection Act? The bill delays a new Department of Labor rule that would prevent financial advisers from stealing from your 401(K) plans or IRAs. Allowing financial advisers to rip you off is a great complement to that other plank in the Republican-Conservadem retirement insecurity platform, cutting Social Security.Here's David Dayen with more details:...Currently, it is depressingly common for financial advisers, more than 80 percent of whom are not fiduciaries, to self-deal when offering advice. First off, they obtain large fees from the retirement products they sell. According to the think tank Demos, a median-income, two-earner household will pay $155,000 during their lifetime to financial advisers on average. (The lifetime gains for two-earner households from retirement accounts are around $230,000, meaning that nearly two-thirds of the profits go to the industry.) Second, non-fiduciary financial advisers can enjoy kickbacks; right now there is no rule against an adviser from a mutual fund company encouraging clients to put their money in specific funds sold by that company. In fact, that’s the norm, and the adviser typically receives a commission for the sale.Conflicts of interest like this cost retirement investors at least $1 billion a month, because the funds they get channeled into underperform the alternatives. Financial advisers also encourage rollovers into high-cost IRAs when an individual changes jobs. None of these schemes have to be disclosed to the customer, under the current standard. The National Bureau for Economic Research found in a recent study that “adviser self‐interest plays an important role in generating advice that is not in the best interest of the clients.”So in the middle of a retirement crisis, when the majority of Americans already aren’t accumulating the savings they need to maintain their standard of living, sellers of retirement products are skimming close to $60 billion a year off the top through deceptive practices, making a bad situation even worse.The lone Republican NO was Walter Jones (NC-03).And here are the 30 Democratic YEA votes. Most of their names should look familiar if you've seen any of my past roll call diaries.John Barrow (GA-12)
John Carney (DE-AL)
Gerry Connolly (VA-11)
Jim Costa (CA-16)
Henry Cuellar (TX-28)
John Delaney (MD-06)
Ted Deutch (FL-21)
Bill Foster (IL-11)
Pete Gallego (TX-23)
Joe Garcia (FL-26)
Denny Heck (WA-10)
Jim Himes (CT-04)
Derek Kilmer (WA-06)
Ron Kind (WI-03)
Rick Larsen (WA-02)
Dan Maffei (NY-24)
Jim Matheson (UT-04)
Mike McIntyre (NC-07)
Gwen Moore (WI-04)
Patrick Murphy (FL-18)
Bill Owens (NY-21)
Ed Perlmuter (CO-07)
Scott Peters (CA-52)
Gary Peters (MI-09)
Collin Peterson (MN-07)
Bradley Schneider (IL-10)
Kurt Schrader (OR-05)
Brad Sherman (CA-30)
Kyrsten Sinema (AZ-09)
Filemon Vela (TX-34)Note the appearance of Gary Peters on the list. He’s racked up quite the number of awful votes since he declared his intention to run for Carl Levin’s Senate seat. He must be doing it for the fundraising.My cat is watching me write this, and frankly, I don't care what he thinks so watch away, my feline friend, because I think you're a Republican and I'm going to out you.Fig. 1. Geoffrey the Cat reaps the benefit of my hard work disproportionally to his contribution while sleeping on my work-pants.Follow me over the divider-doodle for some reasons why my cat is a GOP mooch...1. My Cat's Number One Priority is His Own Needs.Geoffrey has a routine. As cats go, and I have had many, he's the most routine-driven feline I have ever met. He's deeply conservative that way. If I'm not up by 7am, he sees to it that I am and then flumpity flump down the stairs to the door. Out he goes just long enough for me to freshen his food and water, which I have paid for. He doesn't care if I have to pee first, or forgot to put out the garbage on garbage day, he has his routine and nobody is going to change it. The next thing he does is come in and eat that food, that FREE food, and he's smug and entitled when he does it. He then makes a commentary on his human companion:Fig. 2. After consuming his food with an attitude of smug entitlement, he sends a message to the 99%.2. My Cat is a Racist.Geoffrey is an unapologetic racist. Like the GOP with banksters and corporate types, he cozies up to people, even new people, because they keep the slush fund of food, water, litter and catnip flowing like the Mighty Mississippi. But as far as other animals are concerned, if you're another animal and you're not a ragdoll cat like he is, he'll deliver an angry screed and may attack you. I have never seen such rank racism, or at least not since the last time Rand Paul gave a speech.Fig. 3. The ugly face of ragdoll supremacy.3. My Cat is a Sadistic Authoritarian.Geoffrey believes in the death penalty for vermin, but he's not content to use some supposedly humane form of execution, oh no. He is both a practitioner and advocate of torture of the most ugly sort and expects--no, demands approval and support for that by bringing these poor creatures into the house half dead. If he were a member of Congress, he'd perform an execution live on C-SPAN just to make a point.4. My Cat is a Lazy Bum.Not only does Geoffrey enjoy an exalted position in the household, he feels entitled to more vacation than he has earned, very much like a Republican politician.Fig. 4. The Republican cat's natural state of being.5. My Cat is a Conspiracy TheoristFig. 5. Docile sun-basker or government conspiracy? I report, you decide.So there you have it, my feline friend, five reasons why I think you're a Republican member of the 1%. The revolution's a coming, Geoffy, and you can't do a thing to stop it. 6:23 AM PT: Update: This diary hitting the very top of the rec list is definitive proof that the rec list is a cesspool. /snarkControversial Democrat Alan Grayson has set off a flurry of criticism from conservatives after the Florida congressman sent out a fundraising email to supporters in which he compared the tea party to the Ku Klux Klan.Grayson’s original comments came during a recent appearance on MSNBC’s “Politics Nation with Al Sharpton.” Grayson was discussing the tea party’s influence on the Republican Party when he said, “At this point, the tea party is no more popular than the Klan.”And rather than shy away from that comment,  Grayson included them in bold letters on his website  with the quote taking readers directly to a fundraising page for Grayson’s re-election campaign.Grayson’s fundraising page includes the image of a burning cross; it uses the cross as the letter “T” and spells out “tea party” in flaming letters:"As a black Tea Party activist, I could say that there's nothing more offensive than equating the Tea Party with the Ku Klux Klan,” Jennifer Burke, National Outreach Director for TheTeaParty.net said in a statement emailed to Yahoo News. “The hate speech uttered by sitting congressman Alan Grayson is deplorable, even by the low levels reached in recent years when Democrats routinely call us racists and suicide bombers."Grayson’s comments were also criticized by the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC).There’s no excuse for the hateful words and imagery used by Congressman Grayson,” NRCC spokesman Matt Gorman said in a statement. “House Democrats should swiftly and strongly condemn him and return the money he has raised for them. This hate-filled rhetoric has Americans fed up with Washington.”Grayson is no stranger to controversy. First elected to Congress in 2008, he regularly was an outspoken critic of Republicans and conservatives in general. He was voted out of office after his first term, and many observers expected him to take a role as an activist outside of government. However, Grayson was re-elected in 2012 and is considered a strong favorite for re-election in 2014.Despite the criticism over his KKK comparison, Grayson has stood by his comments and subsequent fundraising effort. He pointed to  offensive comments and signage that appeared at past tea party rallies  to justify his own comments.“Tea Party members have circulated countless altered pictures depicting President Obama and the First Lady as monkeys. Tea Party members also called my fellow Member of Congress, civil rights hero John Lewis, a ‘n***ger,’ and Rep. Barney Frank a ‘faggot,’” Grayson said in a statement. “One could go on and on, because there is overwhelming evidence that the Tea Party is the home of bigotry and discrimination in America today, just as the KKK was for an earlier generation. If the shoe fits, wear it.”A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Major League Baseball pulled its All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia’s voting law that opponents say would suppress minority voters.He capped off the performance with a duet with Katharine McPhee.Adam Scott will take listeners inside the ropes at Augusta National with his new podcast, "Fairgame."Alex Wennberg had his first career hat trick as the Florida Panthers beat the Columbus Blue Jackets 5-2 on Saturday night.  MacKenzie Weegar and Frank Vatrano each had a goal and an assist, and Sergei Bobrovsky stopped 44 shots to help the Panthers win their season-high fifth straight.The Irish regulator is checking that an "old" leak of 500 million users' data is what Facebook says.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThe following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.On Easter Sunday, NASA announced two more Easter eggs hidden onboard everyone's favorite rover.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Chadwick Boseman's performance in his final film, Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, earned him a posthumous best actor in a lead role statuette during Sunday night's 27th Screen Actors Guild Awards. Boseman, who died of cancer last August, made history when he became the first actor to ever earn four SAG Award nominations in one year for movies, thanks to his work in Ma Rainey's Black Bottom and Da 5 Bloods. In February, Boseman was posthumously awarded the best actor in a drama Golden Globe for Ma Rainey's Black Bottom. While accepting the award, his widow, Simone Ledward Boseman, thanked the cast and crew of Ma Rainey's Black Bottom, and quoted her husband, saying, "If you see the world unbalanced, be a crusader that pushes heavily on the seesaw of the mind." This year's ceremony was held virtually, with the pre-recorded program lasting just one hour. The night's other winners include Ma Rainey's Black Bottom's Viola Davis, best female actor in a leading role; Judas and the Black Messiah's Daniel Kaluuya, best male actor in a supporting role; and Minari's Yuh-Jung Youn, best female actress in a supporting role. The Crown won best ensemble for a drama series, Schitt's Creek was named best ensemble for a comedy series, and Netflix's The Trial of the Chicago 7 received the outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture award, becoming the first film from a streaming service to earn the honor. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThere is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.Virginia Republicans are also reviving a bill that was shelved earlier this year. The 2012 version failed after the state estimated it would cost $1.5 million to implement while only saving $229,000. The bill’s sponsor, Delegate Dickie Bell, has not introduced the updated version yet, but says he’s found more cost effective options.Both Ohio and Kansas legislators are trying to pretend the goal is to help people rather than to associate welfare recipients with drug abuse in the public debate, claiming that they just want to be sure people get the help they need. Bear in mind that in Florida, just 2.6 percent of applicants didn't pass their drug tests. So when you have Republican legislators who don't show any signs of wanting to help any kind of working-class or middle-class people, even, suddenly dripping with concern for welfare applicants ... well, you just have to call bullshit.SPRINGFIELD—The Illinois House voted to legalize marijuana for medical use in a potential breakthrough for supporters Wednesday following an emotional debate that included lawmakers’ stories of friends and relatives seeking relief from overwhelming pain and sickness.The 61-57 vote for a four-year pilot program was cheered by supporters who say the House has long been the highest hurdle for legalization; the Senate has previously passed similar legislation and Gov. Pat Quinn said Wednesday he was “open-minded” about the proposal.Illinois would become the 19th state to legalize medical marijuana and proponents say it would be the most restrictive program in the country, with conditions on qualifying illnesses, physician approval and production of the drug.“Ladies and gentlemen, this is not about getting high, it’s not about dope, it’s not about what our mothers told us when we went to college,” said Rep. Lou Lang, D-Skokie, the chief sponsor. “This is about providing a product at no expense to the taxpayers to provide better health care to people who desperately need this product.”National opinion polls have suggested Americans are increasingly comfortable with marijuana for medical use, but opponents pointed out that many in law enforcement and medicine, as well as the federal government, are not on board.“This bill is absolutely a wrong piece of legislation,” said Republican Rep. Jim Sacia, a former FBI agent from Pecatonica who added that many Illinois sheriffs oppose the proposal.Lang implored fence-sitting lawmakers to stop forcing people who need relief into “some back alley” to score their pot, saying “we’re turning granny into a criminal.”The most persuasive arguments may have been those from lawmakers who related personal stories.With her voice breaking, Rep. JoAnn Osmond, R-Antioch, told colleagues she opposed the measure in the past but changed her mind because of an ill friend and his wife who spent time at Osmond’s home while the man battled chronic pain tied to complications from cancer. Osmond wouldn’t let him use marijuana in her house. Now, two years since his death, she said she wonders about her decision because he was in a daze from a painkiller prescription that “made him extremely sick, very sick.”North Side Democratic Rep. Kelly Cassidy told colleagues the story of a brother-in-law who suffers from terminal cancer and “would not be with us if not for making use of cannabis.” Pain pills were “sucking the life out of him,” but now he and her sister can “enjoy what will be his last days,” she said.“My sister and my brother-in-law, who I love dearly, are able to make the best of an absolutely horrific situation as a result of this product,” Cassidy said.Rep. Deb Mell, D-Chicago, said she has taken medication for pain since having an August mastectomy and can relate to the suffering. “There's a real panic that comes in because it's like, 'I can't live with this pain, but I can't keep taking these pills,’” she said.Under the bill, an individual could be prescribed no more than 2.5 ounces of marijuana over two weeks. A doctor who prescribes marijuana must have had a prior and ongoing relationship with the patient.Patients would have to buy the marijuana from one of 60 dispensing centers throughout the state rather than be allowed to grow their own. Workers at dispensing centers would undergo criminal background checks, the stores would be under around-the-clock camera surveillance, and users would carry cards that indicate how much they had purchased to prevent stockpiling.Marijuana would be grown inside 22 cultivation centers registered with the Illinois Department of Agriculture.A previous version of the legislation had allowed patients to grow their own, but that provision was removed to make the bill more restrictive, said Sen. Bill Haine, D-Alton, who sponsored similar legislation that passed the Senate in 2009 and will be the lead sponsor of the current measure.The bill also says a person who uses medical marijuana would be required to take a field sobriety test if police pulled over a car. Refusal would lead to a one-year driver’s license suspension and revocation of the medical marijuana privilege, Haine said.Currently, field sobriety tests in police stops for driving under the influence of marijuana generally can be inadmissible in court cases. The legislation now would allow field sobriety tests to be admissible as evidence at trial in a case of driving under the influence of marijuana, Haine said.Haine acknowledged “there is a question as to how much marijuana impairs a driver.” Current Illinois law says a driver with a trace of marijuana in his system can be convicted of driving under the influence.Haine, a former Madison County state’s attorney, dismissed the argument that “this can be abused, it’s a gateway drug. The people who are using it, many of them are terminal. I don’t know what gateway they’re talking about.”The bill goes to the Senate, where President John Cullerton, D-Chicago, supported the previous medical pot bill that passed the upper chamber in 2009. The House vote came only hours after Quinn said he was impressed by the story of an injured military veteran who maintained marijuana provided him relief from war wounds.Outside the capital, some opponents to the bill expressed their dismay.“It’s really, strongly unfortunate,” said Dr. Eric A. Voth, a Topeka, Kan., physician who is chairman of the Institute on Global Drug Policy. He said he’s watched pro-marijuana lobbying groups work the medical marijuana angle for years.“I think it’s unfortunate that Illinois fell into their clutches,” Voth said.Voth’s biggest concern, echoed by John Kennedy, the executive director of the Illinois Association of Chiefs of Police, is that the law would allow medical marijuana to bypass FDA regulation, which could jeopardize consumers, he said.“Medicine needs to come through a process of careful trials and research,” Voth said. “It’s not good medicine. It’s impure and unpredictable.”Tribune reporter Ellen Jean Hirst contributed.rlong@tribune.comraguerrero2@tribune.comTwitter @RayLong Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.Federal prosecutors told Virginia Gov. Robert F. McDonnell last week that he and his wife would be charged in connection with a gift scandal, but senior Justice Department officials delayed the decision after the McDonnells’ attorneys made a face-to-face appeal in Washington, according to people familiar with the case.Dana J. Boente, the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, told the McDonnells’ legal teams that he planned to ask a grand jury to return an indictment no later than this past Monday, people familiar with the conversations said. McDonnell (R) and his wife, Maureen, would have been charged with working together to illegally promote a struggling dietary-supplement company in exchange for gifts and loans from its chief executive, the people said.The plan to seek the felony charges this week changed, however, after attorneys for the state’s first couple met with Deputy Attorney General James M. Cole on Dec. 12. The attorneys argued that the governor had done nothing improper to assist businessman Jonnie R. Williams Sr. In particular, they focused on the credibility of a key witness, said a person familiar with the presentation. They also argued that if prosecutors proceeded with charges, they should wait until after McDonnell left office Jan. 11 to allow a smooth transition of power to Gov.-elect Terry McAuliffe (D). Some element of the lawyers’ arguments apparently persuaded the Justice Department to delay, according to people with knowledge of the case. The people spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case.On Friday, the day after the meeting, McDonnell’s attorneys were told that the decision would be put on hold, the people said. A final decision about whether to press charges is now not expected before Jan. 2 and could come as late as February, they said.Jason Miyares, a spokesman for McDonnell’s legal team, and William A. Burck, an attorney for McDonnell’s wife, declined to comment. Boente and a spokesman for the Justice Department also declined to comment. McDonnell has maintained that he has done nothing wrong. It is not unusual that a high-profile target, especially a sitting governor, would be allowed a chance to appeal a U.S. attorney’s charging decision to top officials of the Justice Department. It would be very rare, however, for the Justice Department to ultimately overturn a decision made by a U.S. attorney.Federal prosecutors have been investigating the McDonnells’ relationship with Williams for most of this year. Williams provided more than $165,000 in gifts and loans to the governor and his family. The gifts came as the McDonnells took steps to promote Williams’s company, Star Scientific Inc., including hosting a lunch at the Executive Mansion to mark the launch of a new product. The McDonnells also helped company executives secure meetings with state officials. McDonnell has apologized for the relationship, but he insisted that he treated Star just as he would have any other Virginia-based business. The company received no state grants, contracts or board appointments. He has said in several recent interviews that he would like to see the investigation concluded as quickly as possible.“I’m hoping it will all be resolved in the very near future,” he told The Washington Post last month.But privately, as prosecutors signaled their intent to file charges, McDonnell’s attorneys have been pressing Justice Department officials to reconsider or delay — at least long enough for McDonnell to complete his four-year term and avoid becoming the first sitting governor in state history to face criminal charges.The investigation has focused on whether McDonnell violated the Hobbs Act, which makes it a federal crime for a public official to receive payments or other financial gifts, knowing that those payments are in return for the official’s promise to take action in his government role. To prove the crime, it is not necessary to show that the public official actually took the steps or that any of the official acts resulted in benefits to the person making the payments. Private citizens can also be charged under the law if they caused the public official to take actions or make such promises. McDonnell is also the subject of a state investigation into whether his annual financial disclosures complied with Virginia law. It is a misdemeanor under Virginia law for an elected official to knowingly submit false or incomplete information on annual financial disclosure forms.McDonnell has said he complied with state law, which allows elected officials to accept gifts of any value provided they disclose those worth more than $50; they are not required to disclose gifts to their families or loans to their businesses. Attorneys working for Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli II (R) learned in March 2012 of allegations that McDonnell’s forms might be incomplete. As required by law, Cuccinelli designated a local prosecutor to conduct a full investigation, turning the case over to Richmond Commonwealth’s Attorney Michael Herring in November 2012.But Virginia law requires prosecutors to press charges within a year of being alerted to possible legal violations. That statute of limitations is expiring, which has become a factor in both the state and federal investigations.Herring had reached an agreement with McDonnell’s attorneys to extend the statute of limitations into this month, said a person familiar with its terms. But the state probe has been on hold while federal prosecutors decided whether to proceed with more serious felony charges, and federal prosecutors felt pressured by the looming state deadline, the person said.On Friday, all sides agreed to extend the deal on the state charges — known as a tolling agreement — into early February. That allows more time for federal authorities to make a final decision.Herring would not comment on the federal probe other than to say that he is “awaiting a final decision from the Justice Department.”“But,” he added, “I have to plan for other contingencies as well, such as the matter being returned back to my office.” Herring would not provide information on the tolling agreement. The McDonnells’ attorneys argued to the Justice Department last week that key witnesses were problematic, a person close to the case said.Among other issues, the attorneys have been telling federal prosecutors that there could be weaknesses in the testimony of Mary Shea Sutherland, the former chief of staff to Maureen McDonnell. E-mails obtained under a freedom of information request show that Sutherland was intimately involved in the planning of an event held at the governor’s mansion in August 2011 that marked the launch of a Star Scientific dietary supplement called Anatabloc.Prosecutors believe that the luncheon event was one way the couple helped Williams’s company, people with knowledge of the case said.Attorneys for the McDonnells have argued that they could convince a jury that Sutherland was trying to curry favor with Williams, including by helping to organize the mansion event, according to a person close to the case.Sutherland corresponded with Star Scientific executives before the company issued a news release touting the event. She also urged the governor’s scheduler to ensure that the governor attended. When the scheduler suggested that McDonnell might be busy, Sutherland wrote back, “The [first lady] isn’t going to be happy about it.”In that same time frame, Sutherland was given an expensive dress by Williams on a New York City shopping trip during which Williams also bought $15,000 in high-end clothing for the first lady, the people said.The defense attorneys also point to a draft of a 2011 contract they said shows that Williams and Sutherland were in negotiations for Sutherland to leave her government job and work for Williams through an independent event planning firm.The employment contract was never executed. Ted Bruns, an attorney for Sutherland, declined to comment. He has previously said Sutherland never worked for Williams and has called the idea that Sutherland attended a Star event without the first lady’s knowledge “curious.”The event was held at the governor’s 200-year-old official residence, and the first lady served as host. The governor attended as well. It was paid for by the governor’s political action committee. Asked about the Star Scientific mansion event in March, a spokesman for the governor said all requests for use of the mansion are approved by the governor’s chief of staff. “The decision to have the event was based solely on the benefit to the Commonwealth,” spokesman Jeff Caldwell said in a statement then.  Matt Zapotosky contributed to this report.A court has lifted a ban on reporting the identity of two men under death threat from dissident republicans. Eamon Clarke, 24, with an address at Great Victoria Street, Belfast and Mark Kennedy, 33, Glennor Crescent East, Carryduff, face charges related to the possession and supply of cannabis.Restrictions on reporting the men's names were put into place last week. They were lifted on Monday after it was agreed those issuing the threat were already aware of the men's identity.Restrictions remain in place regarding the details of future court appearances.Lawyers representing the accused told the court how threats identifying their clients had been posted on a republican website. They also raised concerns that reporting the identity of the two men may pose an increased risk to their safety.The court also heard reports that armed and masked men had entered a bar in Belfast this month, read a statement naming people and warned them to leave the area. 'leave or be executed'A police officer investigating the dissident republican murder of Kevin Kearney earlier in October confirmed that a "credible threat" had been issued to Eamon Clarke.A police representative said: "The threat states that he had 48 hours to leave or would be executed."District Judge Fiona Bagnall acknowledged police evidence showing the seriousness of the threat. She rejected claims by defence lawyers that reporting of the men's names would increase any threat to the safety of the accused."It's clear that those individuals who issued these threats do know the defendants, they have been named and, I presume, if interested can identify them, where they live and other aspects of their lives. "My interpretation of the threat is they have already formed a view as to the activities, behaviour and responsibilities of the defendants long before there's been any court process," said judge Bagnall.republican murder of Kevin KearneyPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policyThe city police chief has testified in the trial of the ex-officer accused of killing George Floyd.England's lockdown to ease as planned on 12 AprilWeinstein appeals against sex crimes convictionAdopting a child with an opioid addiction. VideoAdopting a child with an opioid addictionWaiting for the tourists to come back to GreeceI watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet versionFamous Indian music gurus accused of sexual assaultThe woman who refuses to be defeated by CovidVitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?The Myanmar beauty queen standing up to the militaryCan celebrities control their image online?The extravagant privacy requirements of the super-richFootball phrases15 sayings from around the worldPolice chief says Chauvin broke force policy1'We found a baby on the subway - now he's our son'2Dubai police arrest group over nude balcony shoot3Vitamin D and Covid: What’s the truth?4Weinstein appeals against sex crimes conviction5I watched Lord of the Rings - the Soviet version6Thandiwe Newton reverts to original name spelling7Jordanian prince vows to defy 'house arrest'8More than 1,800 prisoners escape in Nigeria9Rapper DMX in hospital after heart attack10© 2021 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Benjamin Jealous: Rand Paul's attempt to heal rift between blacks and GOP fell shortHe says if GOP wants to draw black votes, it can start by committing to civil rightsOne way is criminal justice reform, Jealous saysJealous: Sentencing reform, education would bring down spending. GOP, get on board
      Editor’s Note: Benjamin Todd Jealous is president and CEO of the NAACP.
    
  Earlier this month Sen. Rand Paul (R-Kentucky) visited Howard University to take a swing at repairing relations between African Americans and the Republican Party.

  As famed sportscaster Harry Kalas would have said, it was largely a swing and a miss.

  Paul struck out when he tried to equate today’s Republican Party with the party of Abraham Lincoln, while ignoring much of the 150 years in between. (He even acknowledged his mistakes shortly after). But his willingness to step up to the plate can provide a lesson for a GOP struggling to get on top.

  Republicans will not win black votes by paying lip service to party history while attacking social programs and voting rights. But they can make inroads by showing a commitment to civil rights, something Paul managed to do briefly in his remarks.

  Paul received applause when he told the Howard crowd, “We should not have drug laws or a court system that disproportionately punishes the black community.” He illustrated using one issue where the GOP can connect with black voters: criminal justice reform.

  Just before the 2012 elections, the NAACP took a nonpartisan survey of black voters in key swing states. We found that 55% of African Americans believe Republicans “don’t care at all about civil rights” while another 32% think the party “just says what minorities want to hear.” But 14% said they would be more likely to vote for a Republican in the future, if they found a candidate who demonstrated a strong commitment to civil rights.

  Mass incarceration is a fundamental civil rights issue. African Americans make up 40% of the 2.4 million people in America’s bloated prison system. That includes the vast majority of those in prison for nonviolent drug offenses. If current trends continue, one in three black males born today can expect to spend time in prison during his life.

  As Paul demonstrated, mass incarceration is also a fundamental conservative issue. State spending on prisons has tripled over the last 30 years, reaching $70 billion in 2008. Federal prisons are at 139% capacity, often thanks to harsh mandatory minimum sentences. And who pays for all these guards, beds and three square meals a day? Taxpayers.

  In fact, some red states have led the way on criminal justice reform. In Georgia, South Carolina and Texas, Republican legislatures have teamed up with progressives to increase options for parole and reduce mandatory minimums. In Texas, the NAACP and progressive activists worked with leaders of the Tea Party to pass a dozen reform measures. Last year, Texas scheduled the first prison closure in state history.

  Rand Paul is not the first national Republican leader to speak up, either. Newt Gingrich and Jeb Bush are both members of the conservative think tank Right on Crime. And in 2011, Gingrich joined Grover Norquist and other unlikely allies - including Mike Jiminez, the president of California’s prison guard union – to endorse the NAACP’s report, Misplaced Priorities: Over Incarcerate, Under Educate. The report revealed how the rise in prison spending has caused states to spend less on education.

  These alliances should draw the attention of Republican leaders. Many Democrats shy away from talking about criminal justice reform, for fear of being labeled “soft on crime.” According to the NAACP’s election survey, 42% of African American voters believe the Democratic Party is failing them on criminal justice. The GOP has a chance to fill the leadership vacuum and demonstrate their civil rights bona fides.

  Paul is poised to lead the conversation on criminal justice reform. At Howard he touted the “Justice Safety Valve Act of 2013,” which he recently introduced with Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy, the Democratic senator from Vermont. The bill would allow federal judges to bypass federal mandatory minimum sentences if the sentence is too lengthy or if it simply does not fit the crime.

  Paul told students that his friends called him “either brave or crazy” for showing up at Howard University, a statement that says more about his friends than the audience at Howard.  Nonetheless, Paul and his Republican Party would display true bravery, and political savvy, by taking this opportunity to walk Lincoln’s walk and take on the new Jim Crow.

  Moving from “tough on crime” to “smart on crime” would be good for this country. It would also be a smart move for the Republican Party if they ever hope to get on base with black voters.

  Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.

  Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion.

  The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Benjamin Todd Jealous.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.Raw Story“This is to protect the workers and lessen the burden on employers who are paying all the bills,” said state Rep. Dan Knodl (R-Germantown).-------Democratic state Rep. Christine Sinicki (Milwaukee) said that the law is another salvo by Republicans against working people and the middle class. She also worried that Republicans would make the bill even more intrusive and draconian during the legislative mark-up process.I was working last week. I got my layoff/separation notice Friday. I am unemployed Monday. It's the 6th time I have been laid off in 20 years and the 4 time since I bought my home and the 3rd time since I got married.Republicans have elevated blaming the victims of capitalism to a high art. And the Unemployed are VICTIMS of GOP economic policies.Wall Street and the 1% are off-shoring TRILLIONS of dollars, APPLE wants laws changed so it can bring billions of untaxed dollars into the US and republicans want to spy on back accounts of the POOR?It's wholly mean-spirited, part of the GOP agenda to be as mean and awful to the poor as possible.It is unacceptable.From The Nation:It’s true that lawmakers on both sides have fought hard to make transfers impossible. But Obama’s words ignored how his own policies set the stage for the crisis. “He has said the right thing before,” Guantánamo lawyer Pardiss Kebriaei of the Center for Constitutional Rights told The Nation. “It’s time now for action.” The CCR is calling on Obama to end his “self-imposed moratorium” on releasing Yemenis and resume prisoner transfers. It has also called for Obama to appoint a senior official to “shepherd the process of closure.”As the hunger strike approaches its hundredth day on May 17, more than 100 of Guantánamo’s 166 prisoners are refusing food. The president must start living up to his rhetoric about closing the prison, the CCR warns, or “the men who are on hunger strike will die, and he will be ultimately responsible for their deaths.”Of the prisoners who remain, 46 are deemed too dangerous to let go but impossible to prosecute, even under the looser standards of military commissions, for lack of evidence or because evidence is compromised by torture. If released or repatriated, there's a high probability they'd resume jihad. What to do with this group — prisoners of war in a war without end — is a question with no satisfactory answer. They have to be held.But both Obama and Congress could do more to winnow down the rest, including 86 prisoners cleared for transfer three years ago who remain incarcerated. If Obama is still serious about closing Guantanamo, there are obvious steps he can take, many without congressional assent.L. Michael Hager at The Christian Science Monitor:We should question whether our security needs, as assessed today, trump the traditional American values of justice and the rule of law. Only a lawless society would condone indefinite detention, forced-feeding, and solitary confinement.As taxpayers, we should ask ourselves whether Guantánamo is worth the hundreds of millions of dollars it has already cost – and will cost if the prison is renovated, as the US military recommends.On to Republican obstruction, Timothy Egan at The New York Times looks at the "House of Un-representatives":Meanwhile, not a day passes without some member of this ruling majority saying something outrageous. Representative Jim Jordan of Ohio, for example, has endorsed the far-side-of-the-moon conspiracy theory that the government is buying up all the bullets to keep gun owners from stocking their home arms depots. As for Gohmert, earlier this year he nominated Allen West, a man who isn’t even a member of Congress (he lost in November) to be Speaker of the House. Harvey, the invisible rabbit, was not available.Republicans repeatedly use the word "fail" in their characterization of this president and this administration, hoping, perhaps, that is will become inexorably linked with the word "Obama" in history. This was petty, but somewhat understandable, when the GOP had a political goal in mind – the defeat of Obama for a second term. [...] Do Republicans in and out of Congress really hate Obama? Or do they just hate what he represents, a country that is undergoing dramatic demographic and social change? Vying to make Obama fail may succeed in tainting the legacy of the first mixed-race president. But it doesn't stop the changing face of America. Latinos, other minorities and women are becoming more powerful, both in numbers and in political representation. Gay marriage is becoming more acceptable. That may be world-shaking for social conservatives. But making Obama fail won't halt the trend.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News Top stories from around the country.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALThere are two good things to say about the Working Families Flexibility Act, which passed the House this week with 220 Republican and three Democratic votes.One, the bill is bound to go nowhere in the Senate and, two, even if it did advance, the White House has threatened to veto it.The bill, in brief, is worse than meritless; it is a fraud. According to its Republican backers, it’s an expression in legislative form of how much they care for families, work-life balance and, in particular,
                                        working women. If this is caring, I would hate to see what contempt looks like.
                                         The bill would amend long-standing labor law by allowing private-sector employers to offer compensatory time off in lieu of time-and-a-half pay for overtime. Employers and workers
                                        are supposed to agree on the arrangement, but there is nothing to stop an employer from discriminating against those who prefer payment by cutting back on their overtime hours. Nor would employers face any real
                                        deterrent against forcing unpaid overtime on workers who fear losing their jobs if they object. The recourse for coerced workers would be to sue, a far-fetched and unaffordable option for most people.For employers, then, the bill is a way to impose extra work at no additional cost, effectively shifting what would otherwise be worker pay into corporate profits.For employees who won’t work overtime without extra compensation, the likely result would be fewer hours and overall less pay. For those who will, the likely result would be greater unpredictability in scheduling,
                                        which only creates more work stress, as well as higher costs for work related expenses like child care, but with no additional money to meet those expenses.Now, what about having more time off? Under the bill, employees can use their comp time only at the employer’s convenience. If employees are unable to get timely approval for using the comp time, or decide not
                                        to use it, they can ask to cash it in, at which point the employer has 30 days to pay up.The bill’s Republican supporters have stressed that government workers can accrue comp time in place of overtime pay, implying that private sector workers are missing out on a perk enjoyed by cossetted
                                        public sector workers. Wrong. Government employers don’t need to turn a profit, and thus do not have the same incentive as private sector employers to push workers into unpaid overtime. Government
                                        employees, who tend to be in unions — as well as private sector unionized workers — also have contracts with safeguards around alternative work and pay arrangements.For the record, there are many ways for Congress to improve both worker pay and work life balance, including raising the minimum wage, instituting paid sick leave, ending discriminatory pay practices, easing the formation
                                        of unions and promoting advance notice for worker scheduling. The House bill ignores what is helpful and embraces what is harmful.States claiming to be friendly to the Second Amendment are trying to poach gun and ammunition makers and related manufacturers from other states, especially those that have passed or are contemplating tougher gun laws.Texas Gov. Rick Perry, a Republican, this month has written at least 13 manufacturers in states from Oregon to New York saying his state would not impose "unwarranted government intrusion into your business."Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., has written manufacturers in New York and Colorado inviting them to relocate. Idaho economic development officials and Mississippi's Republican speaker of the House also have written similar letters."The enemies of freedom are waging an all-out assault on the Second Amendment to the Constitution, which we have sworn to protect and defend," said Duncan's letter to George Kollitides, chief executive officer of Freedom Group Inc., whose Remington Arms division has a manufacturing plant in Ilion, N.Y. "At a time when our government is consistently thwarting the ability of individuals to own businesses, voluntarily trade goods and services, and grow our economy, South Carolina is committed to a different story. In South Carolina, we believe in the right to keep and bear arms."Duncan also wrote the chief operating officer of Magpul, a Colorado company that makes ammunition magazines, gun stocks and other custom add-ons for semi-automatic rifles that President Obama and some members of Congress, led by Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., want to ban. Colorado's legislature is contemplating several gun-control measures, including limiting ammunition magazines to 15 rounds.When the legislation first came to light, Magpul officials told the Denver Post they would consider leaving the state if the measure to limit rounds in magazines became law, saying it would be difficult doing business in a state that banned its products. Other companies that supply Magpul have since said they would follow if Magpul left.Repeated attempts to reach Magpul officials were unsuccessful. So were attempts to reach a spokesperson for Remington Arms, which was founded in upstate New York but is now headquartered in North Carolina.New York last month passed one of the most restrictive gun laws in the nation, which among other things banned assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. When he signed it, Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a Democrat, stressed that the new restrictions would not affect rifles and shotguns used by hunters.In an interview, Duncan said that was not the point."This isn't about deer hunting," he said. "The Second Amendment is about our right to keep and bear arms to defend ourselves."Rob Godfrey, a spokesman for South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, a Republican, said that "while we appreciate Congressman Duncan's leadership and economic development efforts, we don't discuss details of ongoing talks with any company that may be interested in moving to South Carolina."The Colorado House has passed several gun-related measures, including limiting ammunition magazines to 15 rounds. Gov. John Hickenlooper, a Democrat, has said he would sign such legislation if it passes the state Senate.Eric Brown, a spokesman for Hickenlooper, said that if a company left the state because of gun restrictions, "that would be unfortunate."But Colorado is growing," he said. "We are adding a lot of jobs."One company approached by Perry, the Texas governor, already has said no.Crimson Trace Corp. of Wilsonville, Ore., which makes laser-sighting systems for handguns, will stay put. Kent Thomas, director of marketing for the company, said the firm is happy with the "entrepreneurial spirit of Oregon" and that "there is no reason for us to move."Bills to ban the sale of high-capacity magazines and assault rifles were introduced in the Oregon legislature but they have stalled. State Sen. Floyd Prozanski, a Democrat and chairman of the Judiciary Committee, said last week he would not take up either bill because they were issues that Congress should deal with.Some states that have robust outdoors industries have been trying to attract gun and ammunition manufacturers for years.Even before the most recent escalation in the gun-violence debate following the murder of 20 children and six adults in December in Newtown, Conn., Idaho was trying to attract companies "not only within the arms and ammunition sector, but broader — companies that fall within what we call recreational technology," said Megan Ronk, spokeswoman for the Idaho Department of Commerce. The best way to explain the state's business targets, she said: makers of any products sold at Cabela's, a leading outdoors, hunting and fishing retailer.Ronk said that as other states consider gun restrictions, "that creates some advantages for us. We in this state have traditionally been very friendly to companies within this industry, and will continue to be so. Certainly looking at other states that are imposing more restrictive laws" is part of a business-recruitment strategy.Contributing: Associated PressRepublicans in Wisconsin aren't done regulating lady parts despite 2 bills passed earlier that vastly restrict abortions and mandate ultrasounds.   The quickly rammed through bills were signed in secret by Scott Walker who wanted to avoid the publicity that dogged Republicans in Virginia and caused the Governor of that state to be renamed "Governor Ultrasound".They're not done exerting more control over womens bodies and one State Senator is promising "all out hell" if they proceed.Sen. Jon Erpenbach (D-Middleton) said Tuesday's session could mirror one in June, when Senate President Mike Ellis (R-Neenah) broke the base of his gavel as he slammed it down to quiet Democrats upset over passing a different abortion bill. Footage of those raucous proceedings was featured in an ad targeting Ellis run by Planned Parenthood Advocates of Wisconsin.Republicans who run the Senate are tentatively planning to approve two abortion bills on Tuesday.One would ban any abortions that are sought because of the sex of the fetus. The other would prevent public employees' health plans from covering most abortions, and would also strictly limit the ability of employees of religious organizations to get contraception through their insurance plans.In case you've forgotten, this is how Republicans rammed through these bills in June with only 1 speaker and no debate:Yes, Mike Ellis broke his gavel telling Democrats to sit down and shut up.  After the ram through, the State Senate, as you can see, quickly adjourned.  Democracy doesn't exist for the GOP.Once again, Republicans refused to hold public hearings, required for major changes. Republicans, however, say that public hearings are "stalling tactics" and refuse to hold them.While Planned Parenthood sued and received an injunction on the recent hospital admitting privileges requirement law for abortion providers, the mandatory ultrasound law has gone into effect unchallenged.   It takes money to litigate and the worst law was the one mandating that abortion providers have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital.  Naturally, Republican Attorney General Van Hollen has appealed the injunction to the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals which has scheduled a hearing on December 3.  They will then rule whether or not the injunction stands.  No one knows what's going to happen when these new atrocities become law in Wisconsin.   They will, of course, become law because the GOP is in the majority and ignore democracy and even the law to ram through every extremist measure they want.  The side of sanity doesn't have the deep pockets of RW billionaires to litigate everything in sight.For Your Amusement:The notoriously unreliable and facts optional Politifact has given a rare Pants on Fire to Scott Walker (rare for a Republican to even get questionable ratings) after his claim (in a bulk email sent to supporters) that taxpayers in Wisconsin will save about $640 over 4 years from his shiny new $100 million tax relief.  Bwahahahaha!Even Walkers puppets said it would amount to only $33 per year and others have said the "savings" on the typical home would amount to only between $11 - 13 per year.  So, yeah, Scotty.  Lie all you want, but this time you went way, way too far and even your pals at Politifact had to call you out..Oxon Hill, Maryland (CNN)  - Sarah Palin, igniting a crowd of conservatives, says it's time to stop "preaching to the choir" and instead evangelize a grass-roots, anti-Washington message to all Americans, even those who disagree with the right."They're not our enemies. They're our sisters and our brothers. They're our neighbors, they're our friends. It's imperative to reach out and to share that conservative message of liberty and less government and lower taxes," the former Alaska governor said, urging growth of the movement.

[twitter-follow screen_name='politicalticker'] [twitter-follow screen_name='KilloughCNN']Saturday marked Palin's second time to address the annual Conservative Political Action Conference. With the gathering serving as a time for introspection among the Republican Party, Palin bucked party leadership and said only real reform can come from the bottom up."We're not here to re-brand a party, we're here to rebuild a country," she said. "We're here to restore America and the rest is just theatrics. The rest is sound and fury. It's just making noise."Palin's comments come two days before the Republican National Committee is scheduled to unveil its conclusions from a months-long "autopsy" of the party, following its big election losses in November.Walking out to Shania Twain's "She's Not Just a Pretty Face," the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee easily got the crowd on their feet. Her speech was rife with her folksy tough talk and snipes at President Obama. And of course, no Palin speech is complete without references to her hunting and outdoors life in Alaska.Take, for example, an anecdote about her husband buying her a rifle rack for Christmas, while she bought him a gun."This go-around, he's got the rifle, I've got the rack," she said.She spurred another wave of cheers and applause while pausing to take a sip from a Big Gulp, a not-so-veiled swipe at New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's push against large sugary drinks. "We're cool. Shoot, it's just pop with low calorie ice cubes in it. I hope that's OK."Not known for pulling her punches, Palin also took the opportunity to blast the president and Senate Democrats for failing to get a budget passed in four years."Barack Obama promised the most transparent administration ever," she said. "You lied."The president, she said, has turned from "no drama Obama" to "all drama Obama" in a city that she said operates like a reality television show. She also dinged the president's support for background check legislation."And background checks, yeah, I guess to learn more about a person's thinking and associations and intentions? More background checks?" she said. "Dandy idea, Mr. President. Should have started with yours."But Palin's most forceful criticism was directed against GOP leaders in Washington.She chided establishment attempts to shape the last election, especially in congressional races. While she didn't say his name, Palin seemed to take aim at Karl Rove, the former top political adviser to George W. Bush who was dubbed the "architect" of the former president's campaigns."If these experts who keep losing elections and keep getting rehired and raking in millions, if they feel that strongly about who gets to run in this party, then they should buck up or stay in the truck," she said. "The architects can head on back."Rove's groups, American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS, spent millions in Senate races but had little success in getting their supported candidates elected. They're now facing push-back from tea party conservatives for starting a new group aimed to help electable candidates sail through Republican primaries.Critics say the new move is simply a way to push out conservative voices. For her part, Palin was active in backing the more conservative candidate in several Republican primaries last year. Many of her preferred candidates went on to win, including Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska.With 20 months until the 2014 mid-terms, Palin said Washington should not be in the game of hand-picking candidate. She urged the audience to change the "top-down political process" and create their own search for the next best crop of contenders."Now is the time to furlough the consultants, tune out the pollsters, send the focus groups home, and toss the political scripts, because if we truly know what we believe we don't need professionals to tell us," she said, adding one final message to Washington."Get over yourself," she said. "It's not about you."I've gained nothing with Obama as president, even lost a bit of my salary to more taxes. All politicians are phony, no one has your best interest in mind.Obama is burying US in so much debt it's unlikely any commenting here will live long enough to see us come out of it.  Tho we may live long enough to see the US dollar become almost worthless.the Paris Hilton of the GOP. famous for doing nothing. a quitter, loser with something to say. yes please sarah tell us what to do. whats next spinning plates?Sarah Palin in 2016.The GOP hierarchy will have a tough time getting rid of the stupid in their party.
A cup of sugar in your drink is NOT healthy, sorry some outlaw GIANT drinks, force you to wear seatbelts, don't allow you to do recreational drugs. The government was a nanny state a long time ago.mmm, wonder how badly McCain ever regrets having chosen Palin as his number 2 for the race. These speeches of hers are out of touch with reality.We’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartWASHINGTON — If the Senate manages to pass a long-term budget deal Tuesday, the next item on the agenda for Congress could be even harder: immigration.Republican leaders, led by House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, have deemed immigration legislation a priority in the new year. The Senate is expected to pass Tuesday a bipartisan budget deal for the next two years that would clear the legislative calendar and eliminate the threat of a government shutdown in January. And even Bob Dane, whose Federation for American Immigration Reform strongly opposes a bill, concedes that at this point, "the ground is very fertile" for an immigration bill."It's going to happen," Vice President Biden said during a webinar last week.However, whether that momentum leads to a sweeping rewrite of the nation's immigration laws could have more to do with the 2014 elections than current conditions.The biggest roadblock to legislation has been, and will continue to be, Republicans in the House who oppose a deal similar to that passed by the Senate allowing the nation's 12 million undocumented immigrants to apply for U.S. citizenship. Dane says an already-fractured GOP must stand firm in opposition if it wants to have any success come election day."Opposing amnesty next year is probably the last hope for the GOP to save itself from losing a core group of its voters," Dane said.Despite their public support of immigration revisions, Republican House leaders accomplished little in 2013.The Senate passed its comprehensive rewrite of the nation's immigration laws in June, including $46 billion in border security and an overhaul of the legal immigration system to bring in more high-tech and low-skilled workers.House committees have approved five bills that focus on immigration enforcement and expanding the legal immigration system to bring in more foreign workers. But the last of those bills was approved in June; none of them have been brought to the House floor. No Republicans have introduced a bill that deals with the undocumented population.Some House Republicans are pushing their colleagues to get those bills moving.Reps. David Valadao, R-Calif., and Jeff Denham, R-Calif., have been pressing Republicans to sign onto a letter they hope to present to Boehner in January supporting action on immigration legislation.Denham would not specify how many signatures they've garnered so far, but he said there is a surprising level of interest among his GOP colleagues."We've been getting a good percentage of our conference signing on," he said.Denham said they'd have even more signatories, but some supportive Republicans are reluctant out of fear of primary season. Conservative groups have made clear that they will support more conservative GOP candidates against lawmakers who back the Senate bill, so adding their name to the letter could lead to easy attack ads."It puts a target on their back," Denham said.Some also see Boehner's repudiation of outside conservative groups as his chamber passed the budget deal last week as evidence that he might be willing to push an immigration bill that isn't supported by the Tea Party wing of his party."It shows that Boehner wants to get things done and he's not going to be held hostage by the extreme right," said Ali Noorani, executive director of the National Immigration Forum, a group that supports the Senate bill and has spent the past year encouraging rank-and-file Republicans to embrace it. "You win the conference, you win leadership, and we're getting closer and closer to winning the conference."In the meantime, immigration advocates have turned up the pressure on Republicans in the House.Supporters completed a weeks-long fast for immigration changes on Friday, with several members of Congress joining for 24-hour, water-only fasts. But the tactics of immigration supporters have grown more and more confrontational.Young undocumented immigrants interrupted Boehner while he was having breakfast several weeks ago, they've staked out the home of Majority Leader Rep. Eric Cantor, R-Va., and have held nearly constant protests outside Majority Whip Rep. Kevin McCarthy's office in California.Last week, immigration supporters held sit-ins in the congressional offices of two-dozen representatives.Those moves irked some in Congress. Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, R-Fla., has been pushing for new immigration laws for years and said protests aimed at so many members of Congress – including himself and other supporters – are "not exactly contributing to get this done."But others, like Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill., said he's not surprised by their impatience and expects it to continue when Congress returns to Washington in January."They're angry, they're disillusioned, they're hurt, so you shouldn't expect them to come bringing flowers and roses," Gutierrez said. "You should expect them to come here angry."
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        President Barack Obama, right, stands with World Bank President Jim Kim, left, while golfing at Vineyard Golf Club in Edgartown, Mass., on the island of Martha's Vineyard Sunday, Aug. 18, 2013.  Obama returned to the golf course Sunday to play his sixth and final round of a weeklong vacation on Martha's Vineyard.  (AP Photo/Steven Senne) (AP2013)Near the end of the 2012 election campaign, President Obama accused Mitt Romney of “at least Stage 3 Romnesia”-- which the President described as, “If you can't seem to remember the policies on your website or the promises you've been making over the six years you've been running for president, if you can't even remember what you said last week, don't worry.”Well, Mr. President, look in the mirror for the faults in yourself that you attributed to Mr. Romney. According to the online Urban Dictionary, “Obamanesia” is, “A questionable commander in chief's partial or total loss of memory regarding the actual sequences of events in an attempt to not take responsibility for them. It is the opposite of Truman's famous phrase: ‘The Buck Stops Here!’ It is a strategy in politics where the one in power attempts to attribute to another person or group the responsibility for one's own lack of leadership or mistakes. Made famous by Barack Hussein Obama's denial of certain emails regarding the Libya incident 2012; after being caught with his pants down, he later tried to pin it on Hillary Clinton.”A partial list of the president’s acts of “Obamanesia” include:ObamaCare. The President’s mother of all health care reforms has turned into the mulligan of all health care reforms. Worrying that ObamaCare will hurt Democrats in the 2014 elections, the President keeps amending and delaying it, ignoring his constitutional obligation to fully implement and enforce a law he already signed.The more we learn about ObamaCare from sources, including the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office, the more we learn how it will damage job creation (especially full-time jobs) and business growth, cost way more than advertised, grant special exemptions (e.g. to Congress), deny us the choices we were promised to keep our health care plans and doctors, raise taxes, increase our wait time for medical treatments while eroding the quality of care, and cause doctors and hospitals to cut back, or eliminate, services.[pullquote]In a recent Fox News poll of American voters, 57 percent said the way ObamaCare is being rolled out is “a joke,” 63 percent said the law needs to be changed, 71 percent believed ObamaCare will increase their taxes, 62 percent believe it will increase the cost of their premiums and 65 percent believe implementing the law will add to the federal deficit. Gallup and Rasmussen Reports polls show similar negativity by American voters concerning ObamaCare’s future impact on their families and the country.But in his August 17 radio address, the President continued to blame Republicans regarding ObamaCare, rather than accept personal responsibility for the law’s flaws. He said, “A lot of Republicans seem to believe that if they can gum up the works and make this law fail, they’ll somehow be sticking it to me. But they’d just be sticking it to you.”(Mis)handling of the economy. In a recent Gallup poll of American adults, just 35 percent give the President thumbs up on his leadership regarding the economy. On Townhall.com, columnist Katie Pavlich writes, “While Obama claims America is ‘back,’ 50 million people are on food stamps and 23 million people are unemployed. After claiming the country was on the right track economically, Obama proceeded to blame Republicans for ‘distractions’ and ‘phony’ scandals coming out of Washington.”Lack of candor on a range of matters. In an ABC/Washington Post poll (in English and Spanish) of American adults, “. . . a vast 74-20 percent see the IRS’ behavior (targeting conservatives) as inappropriate, with most feeling that way strongly -- and 56 percent see it as a deliberate attempt to harass conservative organizations, not a mere administrative error.” The poll also found that “. . . on the attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, last fall, suspicions of a coverup rise to a majority, 55 percent. And in this case, only a third of Americans are persuaded that the Obama administration is disclosing honestly what it knows about what occurred.”Another poll discovery: “Americans by 54-38 percent say they think the government is doing more to threaten the rights of average Americans than to protect those rights. Americans by 69-29 percent in this poll say they’re concerned that in trying to protect classified information the federal government will improperly intrude on the freedom of the press.”When the President claims that criticisms of him and his policies are partisan and bogus, his attitude can be summed up by another Urban Dictionary definition: of “fuhgeddaboudit.”1. Forget about it -- the issue is not worth the time, energy, mental effort, or emotional resources.2. Definitively "no."3. The subject is unequivocally excellent; further thought and analysis are unnecessary.Is a president with “Obamanesia” who says “fuhgeddaboudit” serving the best interests of the country? Polls indicate no.Get the recap of top opinion commentary and original content throughout the week.SubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Rep. Reichert: 'Who was responsible?'For the first time in years, the IRS was knocked down a peg or two.In a hearing that escalated into a boisterous public shaming of one of the country's most-feared government agencies, lawmakers took turns Friday calling outgoing IRS Commissioner Steven Miller on the carpet for his department's scandalous practice of targeting conservative groups.Miller rebuffed attempts to extract the names of those responsible, saying he did not know. But lawmakers vowed that the tense hearing would mark only the start of a series of investigations, in which criminal activity could be probed.Rep. Mike Kelly, R-Pa., seemed to capture the angst against the agency toward the end of the hours-long hearing, as he described the ways its agents are capable of ruining lives."You can put anybody out of business that you want. ... When the IRS comes in there, you're not allowed to be shoddy," he said, suggesting the agency's leadership was being held to a different standard now that it is coming under scrutiny."This is absolutely an overreach, and this is an outrage for all Americans," he said.When he finished, the committee room erupted in cheers and applause that lasted several seconds.The hearing, though, was more than just venting.While Democrats voiced concern that the latest scandal would be used to score "political points," lawmakers on both sides of the aisle scolded the agency. And they made clear they'd be pressuring the IRS in the weeks to come on several points -- namely, who was responsible and whether lawmakers were overtly lied to last year.On the first question, they got few answers from Miller during Friday's testimony.But they repeatedly confronted the acting commissioner -- who was ousted from him job earlier this week -- about his and other officials' failure to disclose the program last year despite being aware of it."In fact, we were repeatedly told no such targeting was happening. That isn't being misled, that's lying," said Rep. Dave Camp, R-Mich., the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee.Miller seemed to frustrate lawmakers' attempts to dig deeper. He claimed, a week after the scandal broke and a year after he first learned of the practice, that he still did not know who was responsible."I don't have that name," he testified, after Rep. Dave Reichert, R-Wash., asked who was behind the program.Miller also claimed -- over and over -- he was being honest with Congress during a hearing last year."You did not share the information you knew," Reichert charged."I answered all questions truthfully," Miller replied.This claim was met with deep skepticism Friday. Miller acknowledged he learned of the practice during a May 3, 2012, briefing. Yet when he was asked about it at a July 25 hearing that year, he said only that some applications fell into a particular category -- and that those organizations were grouped for "consistency" and "quality."A letter he wrote to a Republican lawmaker the month before also gave a general description of the process without acknowledging that some groups were being singled out based on words like "Tea Party" and "Patriot.""How can we not conclude that you misled this committee?" Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., former GOP vice presidential nominee, asked Miller.Miller said he "did not mislead the committee" and stands by his answer.Asked whether his answer was "incomplete," he said again he answered "truthfully."Miller objected to the term "targeting," and claimed political motivations were not at play in the program, which began in 2010. But he apologized for the program and said "foolish mistakes were made by people trying to be more efficient.""As acting commissioner, I want to apologize on the behalf of the Internal Revenue Service for the mistakes that we made and the poor service provided," Miller said. "The affected organizations and the American public deserve better."The hearing is the first to examine the scandal, and will likely kick off a string of subsequent hearings and investigations. Republicans made clear that the two retirements or resignations to date would not satisfy their concerns.Camp ripped the tax-collecting agency over the practice at the start of the hearing. "Now we know the truth -- or at least some of it," he said. "We also know that these revelations are just the tip of the iceberg. It would be a mistake to treat this as just one scandal."He questioned how high the scandal went, and also suggested there was other targeting of conservatives that has not yet been acknowledged by the agency. He called it part of a "culture of cover-ups.""This systemic abuse cannot be fixed with just one resignation, or two," he said. He said the problem is not just personnel, but the size and scope of the IRS.The inspector general who released a scathing report on the agency also testified Friday. J. Russell George -- the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration -- said his findings raised "troubling questions" about the agency, while claiming some of the wrongdoing was apparently done with no-to-little supervision.But he said all three allegations against the agency turned out to be true -- that it was using "inappropriate criteria" to screen conservative groups, it was delaying applications and it was asking unnecessary questions.Rep. Sander Levin, D-Mich., the top Democrat on the committee, said the agency's management "completely failed the American people." At the same time, he urged Republicans not to use the hearing to "score political points."Republicans, though, expressed more concern after they learned Thursday that the IRS official who led the tax-exempt organizations unit when the targeting took place -- Sarah Hall Ingram -- has since moved over to the IRS office responsible for ObamaCare.Miller said Friday he was the one who promoted her and called her a "superb civil servant."The acknowledgement comes after the administration announced that Ingram's successor Joseph Grant -- who had only been on the job a few days -- would be retiring.President Obama, meanwhile, maintained Thursday that he didn't know about the investigation into the IRS program until it was made public. Obama also appointed a new acting commissioner -- White House budget officer Daniel Werfel -- after the prior IRS chief announced his resignation.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Because of its ideological ramifications, the rivalry between Texas and California is more than just competition for bragging rights between the nations two heaviest hitters; rather, it is ground zero in an ideological proxy war between the progressive and conservative factions of larger-scale national politics. And in recent years, as the Lone Star State was experiencing its so-called "Texas Miracle" while California was limping along from budget crisis to budget crisis, it was far from uncommon for conservative ideologues to point to the contrast between the two as evidence of the success of conservative economic policy.Unfortunately for them, the tide has turned on this view. First, the so-called Texas Miracle turned out to be a sham masked by a combination of rapid population growth, high oil prices and low wages. Ironically enough, it was billions of dollars in stimulus funds that was propping up Texas' budget solvency. When that ran out and the economic crisis finally showed its full effects, the state faced a crippling budget deficit of $27 billion, and was forced to make massive cuts to Medicaid and education to stay afloat.California, meanwhile, has been on exactly the opposite trajectory. The voters, sick of the tax revolt that had been artificially maintained by the Republican minority, voted in a series of structural reforms that loosened the minority's stranglehold in Sacramento and followed that up by passing two tax measures to promote green energy and protect our schools from further cuts. Combined with the economic recovery that has been taking place nationwide, these changes were enough to put California's budget back in the black for the first time in many years, even as Texas suffers from high poverty, low wages and a drastically failing education system.Join me below the fold to learn more about why the economic miracle in Texas was really a mirage.Texas' economic success, then, was more mirage than miracle. But even had it been sustained, it could never have been a model suitable for nationwide implementation. As Krugman explains:In fact, at a national level lower wages would almost certainly lead to fewer jobs — because they would leave working Americans even less able to cope with the overhang of debt left behind by the housing bubble, an overhang that is at the heart of our economic problem.Conservatives love to promote the narrative that businesses are leaving California in droves because of high taxes and regulation, but the truth is an entirely different story:Such relocations can take time, but Perry also offered no details on prospects, much less concrete announcements.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Jon Stewart expressed frustration of Obama supporters over IRS scandalObama has not delivered on promises to change Washington, says Julian ZelizerHe says Obama, like other reform-minded presidents, chose to work within the systemZelizer: Some scandals have prodded politicians to push for transformative change
      Editor’s Note: Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University. He is the author of “Jimmy Carter” and “Governing America.” 
    
  On “The Daily Show,” Jon Stewart captured the frustration that many of President Obama’s supporters have felt over the past week as one scandal after another cascaded into the White House. 

  After starting with a predictable riff accusing Bill O’Reilly of ignoring facts when attacking the Obama administration, Stewart turned to the IRS story, banged on his desk, and yelled out curses. 

  Stewart then blasted the administration for the revelation that the IRS had given extra scrutiny to right-wing organizations. “Explanation please,” Stewart said, before playing some comedic clips of Lois Lerner, the official in charge of handling tax-exempt organizations at the IRS, who admits she is not good at math. 

  “Well, congratulations, President Barack Obama,” Stewart went on to say. “Conspiracy theorists, who generally can survive in anaerobic environments, have just had an algae bloom dropped on their f*****g heads.  Thus removing the last arrow in your pro-governance quiver. … This has, in one seismic moment, shifted the burden of proof from the tinfoil-behatted to the government.”

  Opinion: Will scandals stall Obama agenda?

  This was just one of the scandals to rock the administration within the week. The media also reported that the Justice Department had conducted a surveillance operation focusing on journalists for The Associated Press, in an effort to find the source behind a leaked story about a foiled terrorist attack. 

  Many liberal Democrats were frustrated and shocked that the administration had permitted the seizure of the phone records, the kind of activities they would certainly have railed against had they happened under President George W. Bush.

  Although there is no evidence that Obama was involved in either of these incidents – and many Republicans are clearly trying to use them to drum up a narrative about a scandal-ridden presidency –  the combination left many Democrats, like Stewart, scratching their heads, wondering what happened to the president who promised  when he ran in 2008 to transform the way politics worked.

  Despite controversies, Obama approval rating holds steady

  It is still too early to know all the facts and what the president’s role has been.  Nonetheless, some of the frustration that Obama’s supporters feel comes from ways in which this White House has too often accepted politics as usual rather than embarking on the transformative changes that he once promised. While many of the president’s supporters insist that he has delivered on his promise to push forward a bold policy agenda, few would say that he has fulfilled his goal of changing the way that politics works. 

  What happened? 

  Since the resignation of President Richard Nixon over Watergate, most presidential candidates have run on the promise to fix a broken Washington. Jimmy Carter, whose 1976 campaign revolved around the basic promise that you could trust him, perfected this message and style of campaigning. 

  In one way or another, every candidate – including Obama’s predecessor, Bush – has assured voters he would reform government and transform politics. But the change doesn’t happen. Within four years, as Carter discovered, the new boss looks like the old boss and “the system” seems the same. 

  Most presidents realize once they are in office that reforming Washington will consume too much of their political capital, generating more enemies among their opponents as well as within their own party, and the results of any such initiative will probably be negligible. 

  Instead, once in office, presidents tend to embrace the role of politician and turn their attention to bread-and-butter issues that will matter much more to voters on Election Day. The easiest way to achieve policy goals is by working through the existing system rather than trying to remake things. 

  Transformation is also difficult simply because the size and scale of the executive branch have grown so much over the past century, vastly increasing the odds that things can go wrong. 

  Within each agency, there are multiple opportunities for unethical bureaucrats, sometimes without presidential knowledge, to do bad things. This is part of the reason there have been such strong advocates, on the right and the left, calling for greater – though less politicized – congressional oversight and tighter rules to constrain wrongdoing. 

  Opinion: For Obama, it’s no more Mr. Nice Media

  In certain respects, the burden, as Stewart points out, is greater for liberals, given the centrality of government to their agenda. Over the past decades the vast expansion of executive power through the homeland security program has also increased the possibilities for wrongdoing. 

  People should not be surprised that the Justice Department was so aggressive with the AP phone records. After all, Obama has kept most of Bush’s homeland security program in place and has conducted an extraordinarily aggressive program to contain any leaks that threaten the system. In defense of the government’s actions, Attorney General Eric Holder said the leak that it was investigating “put the American people at risk.”

  Reforming government has also fallen victim to the hyperpartisan polarization that defines Washington. From day one in the White House, Obama has faced an incredibly hostile Republican Party, unwilling to support almost anything he does. This vastly diminished the incentives for him to try to find bipartisan support for reform initiatives, which usually generate a lot of opposition from interests who thrive in the status quo and are rarely priorities for voters on Election Day. 

  With campaign finance, another area where Obama has greatly disappointed his supporters, Obama decided that the only way to beat the Republicans would be to raise and spend as much money as they did. That prompted his decision to turn down federal financing for his campaigns, bringing an end to the post-Watergate reforms, and leading to reliance on the Super PACs he once criticized.  

  None of this is meant to excuse the kinds of activities that have recently been revealed. But Americans should not be surprised that the promise of reform vanished under Obama and that the problems of government he inherited have not gone away. 

  Obama to new grads: ‘No time for excuses’

  Ultimately, we will need politicians who are willing to take huge risks in tackling some of the underlying problems with government – or a scandal so severe that it creates real political pressure for incumbents to do something – if we are to strengthen our processes and reduce the risks of the kinds of stories we saw this past week. 

  Scandals can prod elected officials to take reform seriously. Following Watergate, a scandal far worse than what we have seen thus far, Congress and the president adopted a number of major government reforms that included a new campaign finance system, ethics rules, the Office of the Independent Counsel, and much more. While Carter has been criticized for many of his failings on domestic and foreign policy, his decision to move forward with reforms in the wake of Watergate stands as one of his biggest achievements.

  Perhaps Obama should use this moment as an opportunity to be bold and to return to some of the fundamental ideas for reform that he  raised in embarking on his journey to the White House.

  Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter.

  Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion. 

  The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Donna Brazile: Knee-jerk partisanship is worse than ever in politics and public discourseBrazile: Democracy endangered without civil discussion among people who disagreeIRS and Justice Department "scandals" have become lynch parties, she saysBrazile: Both parties and the public must stay focused on facts, causes and solutions 
      Editor’s Note: Donna Brazile, a CNN contributor and a Democratic strategist, is vice chairwoman for voter registration and participation at the Democratic National Committee. She is a nationally syndicated columnist, an adjunct professor at Georgetown University and author of “Cooking with Grease: Stirring the Pot in America.” She was manager for the Gore-Lieberman presidential campaign in 2000.
    
  Our democracy is endangered. Not by the Russians, North Korea, the Iran regime, or even terrorists. To quote Pogo: “We have met the enemy and he is us.”

  Inside the beltway, the fingers point and the media tuts and struts in glee, and we, the American public, respond by becoming more rigid and divided ourselves.  No more “truth springing from argument amongst friends,” as David Hume said.  A recent nonpartisan Pew Research Poll finds our knee-jerk partisanship has increased dramatically.

  This road we’re on will lead us step-by-step to an extreme: either an autocratic government that functions, or a dysfunctional anarchy. The petty squabbles, bilge in the name of party or principle, will dissolve our self-government.

  Abraham Lincoln felt no foreign power could ever defeat the United States.  He said, “From whence shall we expect the approach of danger? Shall some trans-Atlantic military giant step the earth and crush us at a blow? Never…No, if destruction be our lot we must ourselves be its author and finisher. As a nation of free men we will live forever or die by suicide.”

  We’re pointing a pistol at our heads.  A government of, by, and for the people requires that people talk to people, that we can agree to disagree but do so in civility.  If we let the politicians and those who report dictate our discourse, then our course will be dictated.

  Why am I alarmed? Because two “scandals” –  the IRS tax-exempt inquiries and the Department of Justice’s tapping of reporters’ phones – have become lynch parties. And the congressional investigation of Benghazi may become a scandal in itself.

  The IRS scandal has sparked bipartisan outrage that should require a bipartisan solution. The director who oversaw this was a Bush appointee who was confirmed by a Democratic Congress. Even Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein says he doubts very much that Obama was involved

  We, the people, need to stay focused on facts, causes and solutions. Let’s begin with the findings of the Treasury’s inspector general who uncovered it:  That it was bureaucratic mismanagement, but that there was no evidence of any political motivation or influence from outside the IRS.

  And that, according to acting Commissioner Steven Miller, who just resigned, the problem started because the Supreme Court’s Citizens’ United decision created a surge of requests by political groups for tax-exempt status.

  Democrats and Republicans agree there’s a problem. Maybe they should focus on solutions.

  Let’s demand an end to partisan sideshows or media witch hunts: It turns out that the leaked White House Benghazi e-mails which allegedly show a coverup of a terrorist attack were themselves altered. Those e-mails are, in a word, bogus

  Next up on the playbill: The Department of Justice secretly obtained dozens of reporters’ phone records because of a serious security leak. The double contradictory shell game we’re supposed to believe: Obama is not in charge and he has his finger in every pot.

  This bamboozling of the American people obscures the main point: How do we safeguard American lives and respect our freedoms at the same time? Maybe working together – Republicans and Democrats, conservatives and liberals – the Media Shield Law, a solution to the problem, can be passed.

  Both the Democrats and Republicans have run roughshod over our separation of powers. Both parties have misused and abused their constitutional powers.  Democrats blocked, again and again, President Bush’s nominees for federal judges. Today, Republicans aren’t just blocking Obama’s judicial nominees, they’re blocking the Senate from considering laws and blocking Cabinet appointees necessary for the federal government to run.

  Why should we allow any political party or personality to render our government unable to govern?

  On 9/11 terrorists attacked the World Trade Center, the Pentagon, and tried to attack the U.S. Capitol building in order to destroy our institutions, our economic strength, our military and our democratic Congress where “the people rule.”

  But in our partisan self-righteousness, we’re destroying our foundations of government more effectively than al Qaeda ever could.  Whether it’s the media or the politicians, the churning of partisan passion into anger, indeed hate, has an ulterior purpose: If Obama’s administration is constantly engaged in fighting for its existence, the governing comes to a halt, and his agenda will go nowhere.

  Aiming for that and little if nothing else weakens and harms our democratic institutions, both Congress and the presidency. Remember, Obama was elected by a bigger margin than George W. Bush. He deserves to have his appointees, and he deserves to have votes on the issues, to have the government function, and to fight for the policies on which he was elected.  By allowing problems to become scandals and scandals to become demagoguery, we’re shooting ourselves in the foot.

  If it keeps up, we will all be complicit in weakening our democracy.

  Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion.

  Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion.   

  The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile.
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. WASHINGTON — Democratic Rep. Bill Enyart, a retired general from downstate Illinois, said Thursday from the House floor that his wife had gotten a call from one of her best friends, a woman he said was angry, disappointed and frightened. He said her husband, a civilian employee at Scott Air Force Base, had just received half his usual paycheck, her son was a community college student who had just been laid off and her daughter was disabled. "They are my voters," Enyart said. "They are my friends." Then the first-term congressman from Belleville gave out Republican House Speaker John Boehner's office phone number and said he was urging constituents to call up the speaker and tell him "to put America and its government back to work.'" Boehner was joined by another Illinoisan, Republican Rep. Peter Roskam of Wheaton, in a meeting Thursday with President Barack Obama to discuss efforts to extend the country's borrowing authority and end the partial government shutdown. Before the meeting, Roskam issued a statement saying their talks would take place "after 10 days of stalemate that follows over two years of the president not substantively engaging a divided Congress." But Boehner's office issued a statement afterward that "we are pleased there was an opportunity to sit down and begin a constructive dialogue tonight." The president met earlier with leading Democrats, including Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois. Durbin opened the day calling the failure to raise the debt ceiling "irresponsible and reckless." Democratic Rep. Bill Foster of Naperville, a physicist, said in an interview that the Argonne National Laboratory, and his old employer, the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, were drawing up contingency plans for furloughs in the next two weeks if the shutdown persisted."This is causing real fear and real pain for people in my district," he said. Foster has introduced a bill to temporarily shutter the members-only House gym. He reported receiving hundreds of calls about the shutdown, many from veterans. Enyart, too, said his phone has been ringing off the hook, with most people wanting the government to reopen and few seeking to stop Obamacare, as many Republicans are demanding. Guy Tridgell, a spokesman for Democratic Rep. Dan Lipinski of Western Springs, said calls to their office had been "steady, but certainly not overwhelming" amid a "jump in social media activity." Zach Hunter, a spokesman for Republican Rep. Adam Kinzinger of Channahon, said their office was "receiving a normal level of constituent correspondence." Democratic Rep. Tammy Duckworth of Hoffman Estates is worried about Small Business Administration loans in her district, said spokesman Anton Becker. He said the loans averaged a total of $392,000 a day last year, meaning millions could be on hold or lost. kskiba@tribune.comCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune AdvertisementSupported byBy Felicity BarringerARCATA, Calif. — It took the death of a small, rare member of the weasel family to focus the attention of Northern California’s marijuana growers on the impact that their huge and expanding activities were having on the environment.The animal, a Pacific fisher, had been poisoned by an anticoagulant in rat poisons like d-Con. Since then, six other poisoned fishers have been found. Two endangered spotted owls tested positive. Mourad W. Gabriel, a scientist at the University of California, Davis, concluded that the contamination began when marijuana growers in deep forests spread d-Con to protect their plants from wood rats.That news has helped growers acknowledge, reluctantly, what their antagonists in law enforcement have long maintained: like industrial logging before it, the booming business of marijuana is a threat to forests whose looming dark redwoods preside over vibrant ecosystems.Hilltops have been leveled to make room for the crop. Bulldozers start landslides on erosion-prone mountainsides. Road and dam construction clogs some streams with dislodged soil. Others are bled dry by diversions. Little water is left for salmon whose populations have been decimated by logging.And local and state jurisdictions’ ability to deal with the problem has been hobbled by, among other things, the drug’s murky legal status. It is approved by the state for medical uses but still illegal under federal law, leading to a patchwork of growers. Some operate within state rules, while others operate totally outside the law.The environmental damage may not be as extensive as that caused by the 19th-century diking of the Humboldt estuary here, or 20th-century clear-cut logging, but the romantic outlaw drug has become a destructive juggernaut, experts agree.“In my career I’ve never seen anything like this,” said Stormer Feiler, a scientist with California’s North Coast Regional Water Quality Control Board. “Since 2007 the amount of unregulated activities has exploded.” He added, “They are grading the mountaintops now, so it affects the whole watershed below.”Scott Bauer, of the state Department of Fish and Wildlife, said, “I went out on a site yesterday where there was an active water diversion providing water to 15 different groups of people or individuals,” many of them growers. “The stream is going to dry up this year.”While it is hard to find data on such an industry, Anthony Silvaggio, a sociology lecturer at Humboldt State University, pointed to anecdotal evidence in a Google Earth virtual “flyover” he made of the industrial farm plots and the damage they cause. The video was later enhanced and distributed by Mother Jones magazine.Brad Job’s territory as a federal Bureau of Land Management officer includes public lands favored, he said, by Mexican drug cartels whose environmental practices are the most destructive. “The watershed was already lying on the ground bleeding,” Mr. Job said. “The people who divert water in the summer are kicking it in the stomach.”That water is crucial to restoring local runs of imperiled Coho salmon, Chinook salmon and steelhead, which swam up Eel River tributaries by the tens of thousands before the logging era. Scott Greacen, executive director of Friends of the Eel River, said, “It’s not weed that drove the Coho to the brink of extinction, but it may kick it over the edge.” By various estimates, each plant needs at least one gallon and as much as six gallons of water during a season.The idea that the counterculture’s crop of choice is bad for the environment has gone down hard here. Marijuana is an economic staple, particularly in Humboldt County’s rural southern end, called SoHum. Jennifer Budwig, the vice president of a local bank, estimated last year that marijuana infused more than $415 million into the county’s annual economic activity, one-quarter of the total.For the professed hippies who moved here decades ago, marijuana farming combines defiance of society’s strictures, shared communal values and a steady income. “Marijuana has had a framework that started in the 1930s with jazz musicians,” said Gregg Gold, a psychology professor at Humboldt State University. “It’s a cultural icon of resistance to authority.”“In 2013,” he added, “you’re asking that we reframe it in people’s minds as just another agribusiness. That’s a huge shift.”It is a thriving agribusiness. Derek Roy, a special agent enforcing endangered species protections for the National Marine Fisheries Service, said, “These grow sites continue to get larger and larger.” Things took off after 1996, when California decriminalized the use of medical marijuana, Mr. Roy said.The older farmers say that as the fierce antidrug campaigns waned and the medical marijuana market developed, newcomers arrived eager to cash in, particularly in the past decade, according to two growers who spoke on the condition of anonymity.“There is a gold rush,” Mr. Greacen said. “And it’s a race to the bottom in terms of environmental impacts.”Now that Colorado and Washington voters have approved the recreational use of the drug, there is a widespread belief that the days of high prices for marijuana are nearly over.As Mikal Jakubal, a resident of SoHum who is directing a documentary film about Humboldt County’s marijuana business, puts it, “Everyone thinks, ‘This might be the last good year.’ ” That helps fuel the willy-nilly expansion of cultivation, the tearing up of hillsides and the diversions that dry out creeks.The worst damage is on public lands. There, extensive plantings are surrounded by d-Con-laced tuna and sardine cans placed around perimeters by the dozens, Dr. Gabriel said. Mr. Job of the land management bureau said these illegal operations have 70,000 to 100,000 plants; they are believed to be the work of Mexican drug cartels.But small farmers have an impact, too. Mr. Bauer of the State Fish and Wildlife Department said that when he found the water diversion last week and asked those responsible about it, “these people we met with were pointing a finger all over the watershed, saying: ‘We’re not that big. There are bigger people out there.’ ”Federal environmental agents, including Mr. Roy and Mr. Job, have brought two cases to the United States attorney’s office in San Francisco. The office declined to prosecute a case last year, they said. A new one is under review. But, they said, manpower for enforcement is limited.Given federal prohibitions against profiting from marijuana, county officials have a limited toolbox. “We have land-use authority, that’s it,” said Mark Lovelace, a Humboldt County supervisor. He chafes at the county’s inability to establish a system of permits, for fear of running afoul of federal law. His board did just pass a resolution asking local businesses not to sell d-Con. (A representative of Reckitt Benckiser, which makes the poison, wrote a letter of protest.)Mr. Lovelace and others contend that legalizing marijuana would open the door to regulation and put the brakes on environmental abuses.In the meantime, the industry has begun to police itself. Some growers have benefited from a program run by a local nonprofit organization, Sanctuary Forest, that subsidizes the installation of tanks that can store water in the winter, when it is plentiful, for use in dry months.“There may be people who grow pot in our group,” said Tasha McKee, executive director of Sanctuary Forest. “I’m sure there are. We don’t ask that question.”A local group, the Emerald Growers Association, recently produced a handbook on sustainable practices.“There is an identity crisis going on right now,” said Gary Graham Hughes, executive director of the Environmental Protection Information Center in Arcata. “The people who are really involved with this industry are trying to understand what their responsibilities are.”Advertisement Gov. Pat Quinn today called lawmakers back into special session June 19 to deal with the public employee pension shortfall after another rating agency downgraded Illinois' credit rating. Given the wide philosophical divides between the House and Senate, it's unclear at best whether a one-day session will be able to solve the issue. But Quinn faces re-election next year and summoning lawmakers back to Springfield remained one of his few options to look like he's trying to do something about a pension debt that's approaching $100 billion. "Time and time again over the past two years, I have proposed, asked and pushed members of the General Assembly to send me a comprehensive pension reform bill," Quinn said in a statement. "Time and time again, failure to act by deadlines has resulted in the bond rating agencies lowering our credit rating, which hurts our economy, wastes taxpayer money and shortchanges the education of our children." Quinn went on to say he'd been in contact with legislative leaders today "about this emergency" and called the special session. The move came after Moody's Investors Service downgrades Illinois' general obligation credit rating by one notch to the lowest in the state's history. Fitch Ratings had downgraded the state on Monday, the first day it could do so after lawmakers left town for the summer without passing comprehensive pension reform. On Tuesday, Quinn called Senate President John Cullerton and House Speaker Michael Madigan, both fellow Chicago Democrats, to his downtown office for a meeting on pension reform. Madigan did not attend, however. Quinn had hoped Madigan would call into the meeting. Madigan spokesman Steve Brown said that the powerful Southwest Side Democrat does not carry a cellphone but said the governor's staff was "fully aware the speaker wasn't available." Madigan and Quinn have signed on to a sweeping cost-cutting plan favored by the business community that would scale back benefits for hundreds of thousands of retirees and current state workers. Cullerton and the Senate favor a less ambitious strategy that's gotten a co-sign from organized labor. Workers and retirees could keep their current pension benefits but would have to forgo health coverage, or they could keep the health coverage and accept scaled-back pension benefits.CONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune By Mark Felsenthal WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama, in an interview broadcast on Sunday, blamed conservative Republicans for a stalemate on the budget and insisted that while he is willing to haggle over taxes and government spending, he will not make a deal would that would impose conditions on increasing the nation's debt limit. With a possible government shutdown looming in two weeks, and the threat of a U.S. debt default as early as mid-October, Obama said on ABC's "This Week with George Stephanopoulos" that it is up to lawmakers to work out a budget. He insisted the budget should contain enough spending to help support economic growth and said he will not allow Republicans to attach conditions to raising the $16.7 trillion U.S. borrowing cap. "We've presented our budget," Obama said. "Now it's the job of Congress to come up with a budget that keeps our long-term trends of ... reducing the deficit moving forward, but also allows us to invest in the things we need to grow." Obama said trading cuts to his signature healthcare program in exchange for an increase in the nation's borrowing limit is not an option. "What I haven't been willing to negotiate, and will not negotiate, is on the debt ceiling," he said. With the crisis over Syria off the boil, Washington faces yet another fiscal showdown. Most government operations will cease on October 1 unless Congress passes a budget the president will accept and the United States risks a debt default as early as mid-October if lawmakers delay raising the borrowing cap. Obama and the Republican-led House of Representatives remain at loggerheads over both the budget and the debt limit. Republican lawmakers have sought to make defunding the president's signature healthcare law, the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, a condition for raising the cap. Obama's administration has delayed implementing such steps as signing final agreements with insurance plans to be sold on federal health insurance exchanges as it struggled to get the law's provisions in place before enrollment opens on October 1. "This administration has already delayed or waived fully a third of this legislation and we believe it is only fair for the American people now to have that same delay and that's the proposal I believe will be coming forward this week," Republican Representative Tom Price of Georgia said on "Fox News Sunday." Democratic Representative Chris Van Hollen said on the same program that legislation mandating delays in putting the law in place would stand in the way of making health insurance affordable to many Americans and is "not acceptable." "WAYS OF DOING THIS" Lawmakers last week considered extending government funding at current $988 billion levels until mid-December, but Tea Party Republicans insisted that cuts to Obamacare remain part of the package. Obama will mark the five-year anniversary of the U.S. financial crisis on Monday in an effort to move back to his domestic agenda after weeks of dealing with Syria and how to respond to its use of chemical weapons. The financial crisis was accelerated on September 15, 2008, when the Lehman Brothers firm filed for bankruptcy protection. Obama is expected to focus on the positive, discussing progress made and highlighting his prescriptions for boosting job creation amid budget battles with Republicans. He said he would be willing to talk to House Speaker John Boehner about reversing deep across-the-board spending cuts that went into effect this year through the process known as sequestration, but said Boehner has been an unwilling partner. "There are ways of doing this. It's just that they haven't been willing to negotiate in a serious way on that," Obama said. Obama and Boehner have clashed on repeated occasions over the budget. A standoff over raising the debt limit in 2011 resulted in the first-ever U.S. credit rating downgrade and dealt a setback to the nascent economic recovery. Obama also said he is willing to talk to Republicans about how to accelerate further reductions in the budget deficit. But he pointed out that the deficit has shrunk more quickly than expected, and said that efforts by "a portion of Congress" to push for sharper budget reductions would only worsen the wide gap between rich and poor in the United States. "There's no serious economist out there that would suggest that if you took the Republican agenda of slashing education further, slashing Medicare further, slashing research and development further, slashing investments in infrastructure further, that would reverse some of these trends of inequality," he said. The Congressional Budget Office has said it expects the government's annual deficit to shrink to $642 billion in the fiscal year that ends this month, the first annual deficit below $1 trillion in five years. (Reporting By Mark Felsenthal; Editing by Bill Trott and Christopher Wilson)The final season of AMC's hit series will kick off with eight new episodes. Showrunner Angela Kang teases "never-before-seen" locations to come.A fire in Derry has led to a suspicious death investigation.Razak claims he was "misled" by his 1MDB partner Jho Low.Chadwick Boseman, Viola Davis, Daniel Kaluuya, and Youn Yuh-jung made history during the 27th annual SAG Awards on Sunday evening.Amazon has denied that employees were fired for criticizing the company publicly - it said they violated internal policies.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.NASA's Ingenuity helicopter has separated from the Perseverance rover on Mars. It's almost ready to pioneer a new form of space exploration.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThe following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.The next generation of men’s tennis remains a jumble of unrealized potential.  With Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer skipping the Miami Open, the tournament was expected to bring the game’s new faces into sharper focus.  Sunday’s match between No. 37-ranked Hubert Hurkacz and No. 31 Jannik Sinner was the first ATP Masters 1000 final since 2003 with two players ranked outside the top 30.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.WASHINGTON — As the rest of the federal government prepares for furloughs, layoffs and sweeping budget cuts caused by the "sequester," the people who could prevent the cuts are the ones whose paychecks are protected: members of Congress.The 27th Amendment to the constitution — intended to prevent members of Congress from voting themselves a pay raise — also prohibits them from taking a pay cut until after the next election.Congress will feel the pain in other ways. Members' office budgets, committee staff and leadership offices will all see the same across-the-board cuts as any other discretionary , non-defense spending.Other legislative branch functions — the Capitol Visitor Center, the Library of Congress's Books for the Blind program, even the Capitol Police — would take cuts of about 9%, according to a report from the Office of Management and Budget.In the House, each representative gets an annual office budget of about $1.5 million — more for members from expensive and faraway districts.Some congressional offices may feel the cuts more deeply than others. A USA TODAY analysis of 2011 congressional spending showed that 40% of House members had spent more than 90% of their office budgets — and Congress has cut its own budgets by about 8% since then. Additional cuts imposed by the sequester could force these offices to lay off staff or implement other cost-cutting strategies.In 2011, Congress passed — and President Obama signed into law — the Budget Control Act, which required the across-the-board cuts of $1.2 trillion as a way to motivate lawmakers to find some other way of reducing the nation's budget deficit. They didn't.Much of the $85 billion cost savings this year will come through furloughs, the administration has said. As many as 800,000 civilian employees in the Defense Department will have to take 22 days of unpaid leave before Oct. 1. Active-duty military and civilian defense employees in combat zones are exempt, as are senior political appointees in the Obama administration who don't fall under federal civil service rules.The Executive Office of the President is subject to the sequester, but White House spokesman Jay Carney — while warning of the dire effects of agency cuts — declined to elaborate on how the presidency would be impacted. Again, the president's salary wouldn't be cut.When Congress passed the sequester, Washington Rep. Norman Dicks, then the top Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee, warned colleagues that the sequester would mean the elimination of about two legislative aides in a typical congressional office.Rep. Bob Goodlatte, R-Va., runs two offices — his member office and the House Judiciary Committee, where he's chairman. He said the sequester hasn't come as a surprise — so he doesn't expect that draconian measures will be necessary to come within budget."We have been taking this into account with our hiring, both on the committee and in my congressional office. So I hope to be able to avoid that," he said. "Any federal agency that has been listening to what's been going on for the last year and a half since this issue came up, I would hope has also taken that into account in their hiring practices so that they can mitigate the effect. I don't have the faith that all of them have done that."Contributing: Alan GomezAdvertisementSupported byEditorialDemocrats and Republicans remain at odds on how to avoid a round of budget cuts so deep and arbitrary that to allow them now could push the economy back into recession. The cuts, known as a sequester, will kick in March 1 unless Republicans agree to President Obama’s demand to a legislative package that combines spending reductions and tax increases. As of Thursday, with the deadline a week off, Republicans seemed determined to say no to any new tax increases. “Spending is the problem,” declared the House speaker, John Boehner. “Spending must be the focus.” Reflecting the views of many of her Republican colleagues, Representative Martha Roby said Wednesday that Mr. Obama “already got his tax increase” as part of the January agreement over the “fiscal cliff” and that no further increases were necessary. Both are wrong. To reduce the deficit in a weak economy, new taxes on high-income Americans are a matter of necessity and fairness; they are also a necessary precondition to what in time will have to be tax increases on the middle class. Contrary to Mr. Boehner’s “spending problem” claim, much of the deficit in the next 10 years can be chalked up to chronic revenue shortfalls from the Bush-era tax cuts, which were only partly undone in the fiscal-cliff deal earlier this year. (Wars and a recession also contributed.) It stands to reason that a deficit caused partly by inadequate revenue must be corrected in part by new taxes. And the only way to raise taxes now without harming the recovery is to impose them on high-income filers, for whom a tax increase is unlikely to cut into spending. As it happens, those taxpayers are the same ones who benefited most from Bush-era tax breaks and who continue to pay low taxes. Even with recent increases, the new top rate of 39.6 percent is historically low; investment income is still taxed at special low rates; and the heirs of multimillion-dollar estates face lower taxes than at almost any time in modern memory. On the spending side, Republicans are resisting cuts to defense. That implies brutalizing cuts in nondefense discretionary areas, like education and environment, which are already set to fall to their lowest level as a share of the economy since the 1950s. As for entitlements, Republicans mainly want to cut those that mostly go to the middle class and the poor, while ignoring nearly $1.1 trillion in annual deductions, credits and other tax breaks that flow disproportionately to the highest income Americans and that cost more, each year, than Medicare and Medicaid combined. Clearly then, there is both ample room and justification to reduce the deficit by curbing tax breaks at the high end, as Mr. Obama has proposed and Republicans have rejected. Raising taxes at the top is neither punitive nor gratuitous. It is a needed step, both to achieve near-term budget goals and to lay the foundation for a healthy budget in the future. As the economy strengthens and the population ages, more taxes will be needed from further down the income scale, both to meet foreseeable commitments, especially health care, as well as unforeseeable developments, from wars to technological challenges. But there will never be a consensus for more taxes from the middle class without imposing higher taxes on wealthy Americans, who have enjoyed low taxes for a long time. AdvertisementSign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.DES MOINES --  Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.) continued his post-shutdown victory lap Friday night by warning that congressional Democrats will soon face political consequences for a series of votes taken during the recent partial government shutdown.The comments came at an Iowa Republican Party fundraiser, an event long-scheduled on the senator’s calendar, but held just a few days after he held several rallies with supporters in his home state.Cruz admitted that Republicans failed to strip apart the new federal health-care law, but insisted that conservatives “accomplished a great deal” because their firm stance during the spending impasse “elevated the national debate of what a disaster, what a train wreck, how much Obamacare is hurting millions of Americans in this country.”“This bill is called the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, but it doesn’t provide protection, it’s not affordable and it’s denying care to millions,” Cruz said. “The one word in the title is true is ‘Patient,’ because if you log into the Web site you’ve got to be very patient.”“I promise you, come October and November of 2014, we’re going to see TV commercials all over this country of Democrats who voted to give themselves a special exemption to Obamacare that their constituents don’t get and there are going to be some Democratic members of Congress and of the Senate who are suddenly going to be experiencing the joys of the private health-care system,” Cruz told the crowd.The comments suggest that Cruz is preparing to take an even more active role in calling out his Democratic colleagues for actions taken during the shutdown -- even though Democrts have generally emerged victorious from the standoff, at least according to public opinion polls. Any new effort by Cruz to blunt Senate Democrats would be notable since he is a vice chairman of the National Senatorial Campaign Committee and has been criticized by some for doing little to help bolster the party’s chances of retaking the Senate next year.The senator delivered a series of well-worn jokes and zingers heard before on the Senate floor or in similar speeches in other early-primary states, including South Carolina.Promising a sellout crowd of 600 people that he wouldn’t speak for as long as he did during his recent 21-hour marathon filibuster-like speech on the Senate floor, Cruz began by joking that “Twenty-one hours is a long time. That’s almost as long as it takes to sign up on the Obamacare Web site.”As he did during a similar state party function in South Carolina in May, Cruz avoided using a lectern and instead paced the stage with a wireless microphone pinned to his necktie. He  began by chastising the Obama administration for being “bent on violating every constitutional protection." He retold the life story of his father, Rafael Cruz, a Cuban immigrant. And he repeatedly poked fun at “conventional wisdom” emanating from Washington.Unlike previous addresses, however, Cruz was accompanied Friday night by his wife, Heidi Nelson Cruz, a rare political trip for her outside of Texas. The joint appearance came just days after a high-profile New York Times profile that discussed the couple's relationship and finances and her work for Goldman Sachs.Looking beyond the health-care fight, Cruz at one point discussed the need for Republicans to focus much more intently on economic growth.“If we don’t have growth, we can’t achieve anything,” he told the crowd. Arguing that even modest economic growth could generate trillions of dollars in tax revenues and deficit reduction, he said “That’s what the Republican Party needs to be about. We need to be about economic growth all the time, every day, that’s how we turn the country around.”In a nod to the growing power and popularity of grassroots conservatives, he listed five instances in the past year where a groundswell of conservative support helped blunt Obama administration policies: During a filibuster by Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) against U.S. drone policy; during the Senate debate over gun control; during the summer's immigration debate; when Republicans joined Democrats in raising concerns about President Obama's plans in Syria; and most recently during the government shutdown.Cruz eagerly sought to harness that grassroots support by asking people in the crowd to use their cellphones to text the word “growth” to a number tied to his political organization -- a modern-age way to collect the names and numbers of potential political supporters. He made a similar request during his South Carolina speech in May.That request, plus Cruz's appearance in the state that hosts the first presidential caucuses, will once again fuel speculation about his political future. He demurred when asked afterward by reporters whether the trip was in preparation for a presidential bid.The visit was Cruz's third to Iowa this year, but his longest yet. He arrived Friday afternoon in time for his speech and on Saturday plans to join Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa) on the congressman’s annual pheasant hunt and “Defenders of Freedom” fundraiser in Akron and Le Mars, two towns in the conservative northwest corner of the state. He will fly home Sunday to celebrate the birthday of his 3-year old daughter.Cruz is not the only would-be GOP presidential candidate spending time in Iowa these days. Rep. Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), who was the 2012 Republican vice presidential candidate, will be in the state next month to attend a fundraiser for Republican Gov. Terry Branstad. And Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) made a well-received trip to the state last spring shortly after he mounted a filibuster in opposition to domestic spying programs.Follow Ed O'Keefe on Twitter: @edatpostThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThis morning, CNN had only released some of the results of their poll.  Now, they've released the second part, and boy, it's a doozy for the GOP.A CNN/ORC International survey released Monday also found a majority saying that the Republicans' policies are too extreme. And according to the poll, Democrats have an 8-point advantage over the Republicans in an early indicator in the battle for control of Congress. But with more than a year to go until the 2014 midterm elections, there's plenty of time for these numbers to change.....More than seven in 10 questioned in the survey said that most members of Congress don't deserve to be re-elected, with nearly four in 10 saying even their own representative doesn't deserve a return ticket to Washington next year. Both figures are hovering around all-time highs in CNN polling."Although incumbent members of Congress of both parties are not very popular, the shutdown seems to have only affected views of GOP incumbents," CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said.Three-fourths of people questioned in the survey said that most congressional Republicans don't deserved to be re-elected, 21 percentage points higher than the 54% who say most Democrats don't deserve another term in office. Only one in five say most Republicans deserve to be re-elected; 42% say the same thing about Democrats on Capitol Hill.      Yes    No
Dem   40%   56%
GOP   20%   76%This is now spilling over into the generic ballot question as well."We're a long way away from saying that the Democrats have a chance to regain control of the House," Holland cautioned. "There is more than a year to go before any votes are actually cast and the 'generic ballot' question is not necessarily a good predictor of the actual outcome of 435 separate elections. A year before the 2010 midterms, for example, the Democrats held a 6-point lead on the generic ballot."The Republicans eventually won back control of the House in 2010, thanks to a historic 63-seat pickup.Notice in the 2010 average of the polls, on October 21, 2009 (exactly 4 years ago), Democrats held a 45%-39.5% advantage on the generic ballot question.  And then a year later, a massive 63-seat loss in the House, with Republicans actually getting 51.6% of the vote, and Democrats only getting 44.8% of the vote.So, while this poll is good news, don't you dare take anything for granted just yet.AdvertisementSupported byEconomic SceneBy Eduardo PorterHow did corporate America lose control of the Republican Party?From overhauling immigration laws to increasing spending on the nation’s aging infrastructure, big business leaders have seemed relatively powerless lately as the uncompromising Republicans they helped elect have steadfastly opposed some of their core legislative priorities.The rift is not only unusual in light of the tight historical alignment between the business community and the G.O.P., but it is also outright incomprehensible after the Supreme Court’s Citizens United decision, which allowed companies to spend unlimited amounts from their corporate treasuries on the 2010 and 2012 elections.Scholars have proposed many reasons for the rise of the anti-government activists that are pulling the G.O.P. to the right, leaving it at odds with a business community used to compromising and seeking favors from government.But what may be most surprising is how reluctant big business has been to put its money on the line. To put it mildly, if companies could purchase the Congress of their choice, it’s unlikely they would buy the gridlocked Congress we have. The seemingly inexorable rise of political partisans — mainly on the right, but on the left, too — suggests that corporate money may be playing a much smaller role in the political process than expected.Concern about the potential consequences of Citizens United stem from a not unreasonable belief that businesses will do anything on this side of the law — and sometimes beyond it — to produce legislation that serves their corporate interests.So when the Supreme Court opened the sluice gate in 2010 allowing corporations to spend unlimited amounts on campaign ads, pretty much every liberal voice in the country believed that a flood of corporate cash was about to deliver the political system to the Republican Party.It was,  President Obama said, “a major victory for big oil, Wall Street banks, health insurance companies and the other powerful interests that marshal their power every day in Washington to drown out the voices of everyday Americans.”Three years later, however, these fears have not quite materialized. Money is flowing to elections like never before. The 2012 elections cost some $6.3 billion, $1 billion more than the 2008 elections, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonprofit group that researches money and politics. Independent spending by outside groups on campaign advertisements and the like topped $1 billion last year.Corporate America, however, accounted for a comparative trickle. Adam Bonica, a political scientist at Stanford University, points out in a recent working paper that companies openly spent about $75 million from their treasuries on federal elections last year.Even if all the hidden money funneled into campaigns through private 501(c) organizations had come from businesses — unlikely given the contributions by noncorporate groups like Planned Parenthood and the N.R.A. — corporate spending would not reach $400 million, still a small share of the total.Perhaps this should not be surprising. For companies, spending on elections can be risky. Business executives might prefer lobbying, where they spend far more than on campaign contributions, not because the limits are more relaxed but because swaying legislators on both sides of the aisle is more effective at getting what they want. And such lobbying is less likely to kindle anger among consumers, shareholders and other constituents than spending to change the outcome of elections.“While Citizens alters the ability of corporations to contribute to campaigns, it does not alter their substantial risk in doing so,” the political scientists Wendy L. Hansen, Michael Rocca and Brittany Ortiz of the University of New Mexico, Albuquerque, argued in a recent study.Still, corporations’ reluctance to open their checkbooks suggests an intriguing alternative explanation for the rise of Republicans who are willing to defy their will: companies may have spent too little. Their money was swamped by that of big individual donors who are more ideologically extreme. In 2012, the top 0.1 percent of donors contributed more than 44 percent of all campaign contributions. In 1980 their share of contributions was less than 10 percent.Corporations have a pro-Republican bias, of course. But it is not quite as extreme as pop culture would have it, and is certainly less pronounced than organized labor’s pro-Democrat leanings.Effective lobbying requires both Republican and Democratic friends. Political action committees run by businesses are known for spreading money on both sides of the partisan divide. They give to incumbents. They choose winners. They show little partisan loyalty.In the 2006 elections, when the G.O.P. controlled Congress, corporate PACs gave 65 percent of their money to Republicans. In 2008 and 2010, after the Democrats had swept both the House and Senate, they split their contributions roughly fifty-fifty.By contrast, substantial research in political science suggests that individual donors favor more ideological candidates and are less strategic in their giving. Big, frequent donors are particularly extreme.An analysis of polarization of state legislatures by Michael Barber, a Ph.D. candidate in political science at Princeton, finds that limits on corporate contributions lead to more partisan polarization, while limits on individual contributions moderate it.There are alternative explanations for the rise of the uncompromising right within the G.O.P.Mark Mizruchi, a political scientist at the University of Michigan, traces the rift back decades. He put it to me this way: “In the 1970s it would have been inconceivable that Republicans would tell business” to get lost.Last May, he published “The Fracturing of the American Corporate Elite,” about business’ waning influence over the political process. He suggests the power of the business lobby started waning after it succeeded at beating back government regulation and organized labor in the late 1970s. Corporations then turned to narrow individual agendas and gradually lost force as a collective power that could impose discipline on the G.O.P.Other analyses have suggested a shift in the party base from the industrial Northeast to the conservative rural South, the ideological polarization of voters and the gerrymandering of House districts into safe partisan seats that favored uncompromising, ideologically pure candidates.That argument can be carried only so far, however. Jacob S. Hacker, a political scientist from Yale, said that the idea of a rift opening between businesses and the “party of business” was overstated.Corporations continue to spend more on Republicans, he points out. They are unlikely to jump ship, especially when a Democratic administration is working on new regulations over financial services, health care and energy that business views as potentially onerous.Despite concerns about the tactics of some Republican ideologues, the Chamber of Commerce and several other business organizations still support many of Republicans’ low-tax goals.And even if corporations didn’t turn on the spending spigot, their executives did. Mr. Bonica of Stanford estimates that executives and directors of Fortune 500 companies spent a whopping $217 million on state and federal elections, more than twice as much as the same individuals spent four years earlier. That’s about 70 percent of what was spent by more than 1,500 corporate PACs.But that doesn’t undermine the point that the reluctance of corporations to spend on politics is likely to limit their role as a stabilizing force.Corporate chiefs and other top executives do not put money into campaigns merely to favor their firms. Mr. Bonica finds their giving is more ideological and less strategic than that of their companies. They rarely switch candidates: only 43 of the 1,400 or so executives of Fortune 500 companies who contributed to presidential campaigns last year gave to both sides.That suggests a new take on the role of money in politics. If big-money people are drowning out the political voice of ordinary Americans rather than big business, American democracy still has a problem. But it is not the problem we thought we had.AdvertisementThe failure of Tea Party-backed candidates in Tuesday's election shows that Democrats have been successful in making the Tea Party label a negative for Republicans, even if it isn't always clear what being a Tea Party candidate means.Exit polls in Virginia, where Republican Ken Cucinelli lost to Democrat Terry McAuliffe, show 42% of voters had a negative opinion of the Tea Party movement. Those voters went overwhelmingly for McAuliffe. A Tea Party-affiliated Republican in Alabama, Dean Young, lost a congressional primary against Bradley Byrne, who was backed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and other business interests. In New Jersey, voters re-elected Republican Gov. Chris Christie by a landslide while expressing dislike of both the Republican Party (57%) and the Tea Party movement (45%), exit polls show.Democrats touted those results in a conference call Wednesday. "The Republican brand and the Tea Party brand are one and the same and people do not like either,'' said Mo Elleithee, Democratic National Committee spokesman."There is no distinction in the mind of voters.''By emphasizing the Tea Party ties of social conservatives such as Cuccinelli, Young, and former Missouri congressman Todd Akin, Democrats are able to blur the distinction between the limited government/less spending origins of the Tea Party and the staunch opposition to gay marriage and abortion of Republican conservatives.Democrats conflate the Tea Party and the GOP "because they see that it hurts us,'' says Keli Carender, national grass-roots director of the Tea Party Patriots. "Social issues are so hot button that it's easy for Democrats to make them the main point when they're talking about somebody.''October's government shutdown was pushed by Tea Party leaders Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas and Sen. Mike Lee of Utah, but supported by a majority of congressional Republicans — further eroding the distinction between the Tea Party and the GOP.Tea Party principles had been "perverted'' by Republicans in Washington who "use that theory just to try to enhance themselves politically,'' Christie, a critic of the shutdown, said this week on CNN. Republicans should have been emphasizing instead their success in cutting government spending through the sequester, which imposed automatic spending cuts, he said."The core of the Tea Party movement, as I understand it, I think is very consistent with good conservative Republicanism,'' Christie said in the CNN interview. "But some of the stuff that's happened of late down in Washington I think is not even consistent with what a lot of the real folks who started the Tea Party movement would agree with.''The Tea Party is blurry by definition because it's a movement, not a party, says Adam Brandon of the Tea Party group Freedom Works. "The Tea Party is an easy punching bag ... from the left and it's a punching bag from the right. There's no one out there really defending it,'' he says. "It's too easy to fall into a situation where if you're a challenger you're automatically a Tea Party candidate, (or) if you're not handpicked by the establishment you're a Tea Party candidate.''What works instead, Brandon says, is for Republicans to avoid labels and talk about cutting spending and taxes, the Tea Party's core issues. "Even if people have a negative view of the Tea Party, they have a positive view of all these issues we're talking about.''Rob Collins, chief strategist for the Senate GOP's 2014 campaign operation, said Democrats' focus on GOP divisions is overstated. "It's not so much an ideological rift, it's more of a tactical rift. Strategically, we all want the same thing," he told reporters this week.But Collins acknowledged that the GOP is facing pressure not only from grass-roots activists and outside groups that are attempting to harness them, but also increasingly from its mainstream constituencies such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the business lobby ."There's a whole lot of folks out there that are Tea Party and then there's — call them what you want — the elites, the D.C.-based leaders of folks … and those are different creatures," Collins said. "In order for us to win in the fall and also elect the right candidate, we need the Tea Party, we need the business crowd, we need everybody pulling on the same oar."That may not happen, Carender says. If voters now see little distinction between Republicans and Tea Partiers, they should wait until 2014 when the conflict between establishment GOP and grass-roots-backed candidates will make the distinctions clear, she says. "There's going to be some serious primary battles going on.''Contributing: Susan DavisFollow @USATMoore on Twitter.SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALPresident Obama’s poll numbers are at record lows. The health care law that serves as the cornerstone of his domestic policy legacy is even more unpopular. And there are few chances to change the conversation among a skeptical public that isn’t happy with Washington.Sound familiar? It should: The national political climate today is starting to resemble 2010, when Republicans won control of the House of Representatives by riding a wave of voter anger.Wave elections are rare. Only a handful of times in the previous century has one party racked up big wins. Democrats won big handfuls of House seats in 1930, 1932, 1948, 1958, 1974, 2006 and 2008. Republicans won back more than 40 seats in 1938, 1942, 1946, 1966, 1994 and 2010. And with nearly a year to go before Election Day, voters’ moods can change dramatically.But the rocky rollout of the Affordable Care Act and President Obama’s crumbling support suggests another wave might be building. While voters usually punish a president’s party in at least one midterm election, they may be winding up to deliver another smack to President Obama’s allies on Capitol Hill.Voter dislike of ObamaCare cost Democrats the House in 2010. It could cost them the Senate in 2014.The poll numbers hint at the toll the Affordable Care Act has taken on the Democratic Party. A CNN/ORC International poll conducted November 18-20 shows 49 percent of registered voters favored a generic Republican candidate for Congress, compared with 47 percent who favored a Democratic candidate. A Quinnipiac University poll conducted November 6-11 shows the generic ballot tied, at 39 percent each.Historically, Democrats have held an advantage of at least a few points on the generic ballot, even when election results are a wash: Democrats held a six-point edge just before Election Day 2000 and picked up a grand total of one seat. Democrats led Republicans by one point on the generic ballot just before the 2010 elections, when Republicans rode to a sweeping victory.And there’s no sign that Obama will become more popular. Presidents who see their approval ratings dip so dramatically in the second term rarely see their numbers improve. Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon’s approval ratings never recovered after the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal (Nixon, of course, didn’t stick around to see just how far his ratings could fall). George W. Bush’s approval rating sank in the spring of 2005, and continued falling through the end of his term. Obama’s numbers are starting to resemble Bush’s trend lines.For much of Obama’s tenure, even voters who say they disapproved of his job performance still retained a favorable impression of the president. That’s increasingly not the case: In the latest Washington Post/ABC News survey, conducted earlier this month, Obama’s unfavorable rating, 52 percent, tops his favorable rating, 46 percent. It’s only the second time [pdf] the number of unfavorable impressions outweighed the favorable ones.Reaction to the bungled rollout of the health care law is overwhelmingly to blame. Already, the fallout has been evident: Public surveys in Virginia showed Gov.-elect Terry McAuliffe (D) leading Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli (R) by wide margins in the wake of the government shutdown. But Cuccinelli made the final weeks of the race into a referendum on ObamaCare, and McAuliffe’s support began to erode. On Election Day, McAuliffe won by just 2.5 points, a narrower margin than even his internal polls showed. Another week, and Cuccinelli might be governor-elect.Democrats will say the Republican Party is in even worse shape than they are, and they have a point: In the October Washington Post/ABC News poll, just 32 percent of voters said they had a favorable impression of the GOP, compared with 46 percent who had a favorable impression of the Democratic Party. And Republicans still have not articulated a clear governing vision for the country, even a year after failure to do so emerged as a central criticism of Mitt Romney’s 2012 campaign.But back in 2010, 40 percent told Post pollsters they viewed Republicans in a favorable light, 10 points lower than those who said they saw Democrats favorably. Republicans feigned a national platform, akin to the Contract With America, but their pitch to voters was more about what they were against — namely, Democrats and ObamaCare — than what they were for. Voters have backed the unpopular party with few ideas over the slightly-more-popular party with unpopular ideas before.The stakes are highest for Democratic senators seeking re-election in red states, where the Affordable Care Act is even more widely despised than it is nationally. Democratic incumbents in Arkansas, Louisiana, North Carolina and Alaska will face added headwinds unless the political climate changes.And there aren’t many opportunities for Democrats to change that climate.The one opportunity that Democrats do have lies in negotiations over the federal budget. October’s government shutdown gave Democrats a temporary advantage, and if Republican hardliners pursue the same path, they could hand Democrats an opening. But with Republican anger at Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and others who led the shutdown crusade at such pitched levels, it seems unlikely Republicans would repeat their political mistakes of this fall.That leaves Democrats weighed down by an unpopular president and an unpopular (and malfunctioning) law, running in unfavorable terrain. A major political wave hasn’t developed yet, but a Republican sweep looks more likely now than it has since the waning weeks of the 2010 campaign.RELATED: The 10 biggest news stories of the yearThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy WASHINGTON — "It's not our fault," says National Park Service Ranger George Durkee of the government shutdown that has closed parks, ruining vacations and pilgrimages to monuments such as the WWII memorial. Durkee, president of the Ranger Lodge, Fraternal Order of Police, is pleading with the public to direct their anger -- and there has been plenty of it -- at their elected officials, not the rangers whose job it is to enforce the shutdown at parks and monuments. "Instead of being angry with the messengers, we hope the public complains loudly and often to their elected representatives who caused this mess,'' Durkee, who works as a ranger at Sequoia and Kings Canyon National Parks in California, said in an open letter to the public.  "It's not the National Park Service or the rangers and employees, who are always here to serve the public." Rangers have received an earful from the public over national park closings. In perhaps the highest profile incident, Rep. Randy Neugebauer (R-Texas) confronted a park ranger over veterans seeking to visit the barricaded World War II memorial in Washington in the first days of the shutdown, telling her, "The Park Service should be ashamed." Public anger is evident on the Park Service Facebook page, where rangers have been accused of "Gestapo tactics" in keeping visitors out of parks. "The image of a United States congressman yelling at a park ranger -- doing her job as she was directed -- was shameful," Durkee said in the letter, noting that rangers face a "miserable, thankless and payless task denying public access to parks during the government shutdown." Durkee, in an interview with the Los Angeles Times, was critical of a group of Republicans who insisted on defunding Obamacare as a condition for keeping the government open. Durkee's letter comes as a pair of Republican-led House committees prepare to hold hearings Wednesday on the Park Service's implementation of the shutdown. Congressional Republicans have been critical of the barricading of open-air memorials in Washington. Since the first days of the shutdown, the Park Service has allowed veterans groups to enter the World War II memorial "to conduct 1st Amendment activities." Park Service spokesman Mike Litterst said that among the problems with allowing visitors into open-air monuments such as the Lincoln Memorial during the shutdown is that there is no one to collect the trash that would pile up from the thousands of visitors. "There's the damage and stains to the granite and marble from spilled sticky soda or coffee cups which are allowed inside the chamber because the park ranger that greets people as they enter isn't there to remind them "no food or drink" and explain why; it's those 300 additional sets of furloughed eyes and ears that assist with the Park Police with the security of the site," he said. "There is more to the operation of a national park than merely opening gates and passing out maps.  The reason that these historic landmarks and areas of natural splendor still exist for people to enjoy is because for nearly 100 years the National Park Service has maintained and preserved the resources of the parks and explained their significance in a way that has made people appreciate them and help us preserve them for the benefit of future generations." ALSO: Two Florida girls charged with bullying friend to death Denver considers bringing smell of criminality to some pot use Skydiver dies after 'swooping' stunt; bystander is hit but survives Follow L.A. Times National on Twitter Richard.simon@latimes.comCONNECTTRIBUNE PUBLISHINGCOMPANY INFO Copyright © 2021, Chicago Tribune SIOUX FALLS, S.D. -- Republicans in Congress could take President Barack Obama to court if the president decides to lift the nation's debt limit without congressional approval, Sen. John Thune said Wednesday.Thune said the president doesn't have the constitutional authority to lift the debt ceiling, even though Democrats in Congress are encouraging the president to try.A divided Congress faces another nasty showdown in the next six weeks to lift the debt ceiling beyond $16.3 trillion. The president this week framed the debate as Congress needing to pay the debts it's incurred. But Thune said the debate also should include spending cuts to address the reasons why the nation has the debt, and he said past spending reforms have been tied to the debt ceiling."I don't know when it happens, but this thing is going to blow up on us if we don't do something," Thune said of the debt.Thune made his comments at a town hall meeting Wednesday that focused on the national debt, spending and tax reform.The only way to address the national debt in a substantial way is to make reforms to entitlement programs, including Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, Thune said. Solutions to Medicare include phasing in age adjustments so that younger people wouldn't be eligible to join the program until later in age, and to require wealthier Medicare recipients pay into the systems in order to get benefits.The senator defended his New Year's Eve vote on a package that left taxes on income rates in place for all but those making $400,000 or more a year, or couples making $450,000. The measure also locked into place exemptions on estate taxes, which Thune said was important for farmers and ranchers who worried a large estate tax meant the loss of the family farm.Conservatives, however, criticized the package because it didn't include spending cuts to government programs. When asked why he voted for the measure, Thune said he did it to keep taxes low for 99 percent of Americans."There's been a lot of criticism, and I understand that," Thune said. "There are things in there I absolutely hated."Several people at the town hall expressed frustrations about Republicans in Congress being unable to get their messages out and to effectively block the Obama administration and Senate Democrats."I'm concerned for our country, and I just feel like we're losing it every day," said Jim Holiway of Sioux Falls. Holiway asked Thune what actions he would take to prevent the federal government from becoming more centralized.Later, following the town hall, Holiway said he wished Republican elected officials would make speeches and take to the airwaves the way Democrats did when they were in the minority."When they were in the minority, they would holler to high heaven," Holiway said.Politicians have become more reluctant to hold town halls for fear angry voters will confront them and the exchanges will be used in campaign commercials. Thune is the only member of the South Dakota delegation who consistently holds town halls.At least one Democrat, former state lawmaker Darrell Solberg, asked Thune to clarify whether Medicare and Social Security were separate funds and their relations to the national debt.Democrat Tom Cool said Republican presidents Reagan and Bush tripled the national debt, but Republicans didn't worry about it then. Cool said the debt won't be brought under control by Republicans in the House refusing to extend the debt ceiling."I don't know how elephants can have such poor memories," Cool said.Ellis also reports for The (Sioux Falls, S.D.) Argus LeaderWe’re sorry, we seem to have lost this page, but we don’t want to lose you.Report a broken link | Go to Home PageCopyright © 2021 BreitbartSectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSAL
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        Aug 30, 2013: Texas Gov. Rick Perry addresses attendees of the Americans for Prosperity Foundation's Defending the American Dream Summit in Orlando, Fla. (AP)ORLANDO, Fla. – Republican activists are taking solace in success stories by governors and legislatures in GOP-leaning states as their party tries to regroup after the disappointments of a bruising presidential contest and a stalled agenda in Washington.Here's what fired up Washington-weary GOP stalwarts at a weekend conference of conservatives in this perennial swing state: pension overhauls in Wisconsin, tax cuts in Indiana and labor losses in Michigan.Some of the biggest applause was reserved for governors who did not attend the event. The mere mention of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, a tea-party favorite who won national attention for his battles with organized labor, prompted thunderous cheers. That was despite a speaking card full of potential presidential hopefuls, including Florida Sen. Marco Rubio.Several GOP contenders, including Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, used their appearances at the Americans for Prosperity summit to position themselves as Washington outsiders. While that strategy is hardly new, the appeals play to a Republican base starved for the kind of victories that gridlocked Washington has been unable to deliver."All roads lead back to the states," Perry said, as more than 1,000 activists roared their approval Friday. "I don't think the American people want to look to Washington, D.C. to solve the problems of the day. Washington D.C. is creating the problems of the day."That set up an interesting dynamic, as Rubio was heckled for his support of immigration reform, his signature legislative issue. Attendees repeatedly interrupted him with cries of "No amnesty!"The anti-Washington mood is likely to harden this fall as Congress faces deadlines to pass a budget or face a government shutdown. This week, Republicans negotiating with the White House said there was "no common ground" with the Obama administration, which wants to couple spending cuts with tax increases.Both sides are bracing for a confrontation.Immigration overhaul legislation is also in limbo after the Democratic-led Senate passed a far-reaching bill that includes a path to citizenship for the 11 million immigrants already in the country illegally. A majority of House Republicans remain opposed to such a provision, creating a potentially unbridgeable divide."It's not working from the top down, obviously," said Andre Adamski, a 47-year-old engineer from Lawrenceville, Ga.On Friday, he was headed to a workshop on local tax overhauls while his wife, Mary, was primed for a social media boot camp. Self-described tea party activists who volunteered for Mitt Romney's campaign, both said they were refocusing their efforts on state politics.The conference hall was filled with patriotic garb and anti-Obama memorabilia, including a book entitled "The Ultimate Obama Survival Guide." Some attendees said they were slowly returning to politics after the sting of last year's presidential loss."I didn't turn a TV on for months," said Greg Gormley, a 49-year-old sales director from Charleston, S.C. "This is my way to man up and see what I can do, whatever that is."The weekend conference, sponsored by Americans for Prosperity, was aimed in part at motivating the advocacy group's foot soldiers at a growing number of state affiliates, which have played prominent roles in tax, education and gun-control debates across the country. Backed by the billionaire industrialists Charles and David Koch, the group spent $190 million on conservative causes in the past election cycle."I know things are difficult in D.C.," Tim Phillips, the group's president, told activists. "It can get frustrating, you can get down and depressed sometimes. But I tell you, do what we do -- get the heck out of Washington and get out to states."Indeed, much of the summit's panels focused on grassroots organizing and local action.At a session on President Barack Obama's health care law, panelists dismissed Washington-led efforts by Rubio and others to defund "Obamacare," and instead urged activists to fight at the state level to oppose one of the law's key provisions: expanding Medicaid, the federal and state program for poor people."The Medicaid fight is where we can make a difference," said Avik Roy, of the conservative Manhattan Institute.Nearly half the states have opted out of the expansion, and organizers urged activists to keep pressure on GOP leaders, including Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who was elected in 2010 with tea party support but now favors expanding Medicaid.When speakers addressed Washington they used it as symbol of government run amok. Rubio won a standing ovation for his pledge to vote against a budget that includes funding for the federal health care law. "Big government is doing what it has always done: It is failing," he said to cheers.Jindal said he was "angry this government is using its power -- the IRS, the NSA, the Department of Justice -- to go after innocent, law abiding Americans." He brought the crowd to its feet with the declaration that "there is a rebellion brewing in these states."Still, for now, conference organizers told activists to take solace in local victories."We're going to take back Washington too," Phillips said, "we're just going to need a little more time."Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        New Jersey's Supreme Court says a Tea Party group can't continue with its effort to recall U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez. (AP)WASHINGTON – Sen. Robert Menendez sponsored legislation with incentives for natural gas vehicle conversions that would benefit the biggest political donor to his re-election, the same eye doctor whose private jet Menendez used for two personal trips to the Dominican Republic, an Associated Press investigation found.The disclosure reflects the latest intersection between the New Jersey Democrat who is the subject of an ethics inquiry on Capitol Hill and the Florida doctor involved in a federal criminal investigation.Dr. Salomon Melgen invested in Gaseous Fuel Systems Corp. of Weston, Fla., and joined its board of directors in early 2010, according to the company's chief executive and a former company consultant. GFS, as the company is known, designs, manufactures and sells products to convert diesel-fuel fleets to natural gas. The amount of Melgen's investment is confidential under rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, but a 2009 document filed with the SEC showed the company required a minimum individual investment at that time of $51,500.At the same time, Menendez emerged as a principal supporter of a natural gas bill that would boost tax credits and grants to truck and heavy vehicle fleets that converted to alternative fuels. The bill stalled in the Senate Finance Committee, and after it was revived in 2012, the NAT GAS Act failed to win the needed 60 votes to pass.While the bill was under consideration between 2009 and 2011, the former consultant for GFS spent $220,000 lobbying Menendez's staff and other congressional and federal officials on the act's provisions as well as other regulatory issues, according to interviews and Senate records.There is no evidence that Menendez offered direct help or intervened on behalf of the company or Melgen. Instead, the connection between the two men's interests in natural gas is the latest example of the close symmetry between the senator — who recently rose to become chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee — and his millionaire backer. It illustrates the way Menendez's political clout has at times overlapped with Melgen's financial investments.In recent weeks, Menendez has acknowledged other dealings with Melgen. Menendez was compelled to reimburse $58,000 for two flights aboard Melgen's private jet that he had previously failed to report, prompting scrutiny by the Senate Ethics Committee. Menendez also acknowledged that his office had contacted U.S. health agencies in 2009 and 2012 to question their billing practices and policies amid a dispute between Melgen, an eye specialist, and federal health authorities. FBI agents in January searched Melgen's offices in Florida and seized files as part of a criminal investigation.Menendez also raised concerns last year with State and Commerce Department officials about the Dominican Republic's reluctance to enforce a port security contract with a company that Melgen partly owns.A spokeswoman for Menendez, Patricia Enright, told the AP that the senator supported the natural gas bill to help improve the environment. She said Menendez personally had no known discussions with either Melgen or others associated with GFS concerning the legislation or its impact on the company. She said it was unclear whether the senator will continue to support the bill he had sponsored.Melgen's attorney in Miami, Kirk Ogrosky, told the AP in a statement that "Dr. Melgen has never discussed his involvement with Gaseous Fuel Systems Corp. with either Sen. Menendez or his staff."An SEC document filed last week by GFS showed that Melgen remains on the company's board of directors. An earlier document filed by the firm in May 2011 was the first to show Melgen as a director. That SEC record showed a $6 million investment in the firm from two unnamed individuals.The company's top executive, Ken Green, said Melgen is a key investor but has had no influence on the company's decision-making and has not attended any director's meetings since he joined the firm."Dr. Melgen hasn't ever been to our offices, not once," Green told the AP. "He's a passive investor."Green said the Senate bill that Menendez supported would provide only limited help to his company because most of its provisions are aimed at heavy on-road vehicles like truck rigs and bus fleets. GFS has pioneered an engine conversion system that can be installed on diesel-fueled vehicles, but Green said it is marketed exclusively for off-road equipment, such as massive mining trucks. The tax credits proposed by the bill would do little to offset the cost to buyers of the off-road trucks, which can cost as much as $8 million, Green said."This bill won't do much of anything for us," he said.But in 2010, when Melgen first invested in GFS, the firm was actively considering marketing its natural gas engine devices for on-road vehicles. The bill, both in its 2009 and 2012 versions, authorized changes to IRS rules allowing larger tax credits for on-road, natural gas-supplied trucks and vehicles as well as grants for research. The proposal also urged the Environmental Protection Agency to streamline rules covering the conversion of diesel and gas engines to natural gas and alternative fuels.GFS said in October 2010 in a press release that its strategy "integrates four related areas of business development," including "on-road coal truck conversions." The release, written by the company's consultant and then-director of strategic projects, Elio Muller, also said that "a vast number of on-road 18-wheeler tractor-trailer trucks hauling coal" in the Appalachian region of Kentucky and West Virginia could be converted to combination diesel-natural gas engines with the GFS system.Muller, a former Commerce Department official in the Clinton administration involved in several Tampa businesses, said last week that he introduced Melgen to Green and other GFS officials in early 2010. Green also said Muller was instrumental in bringing the company to Melgen's attention. Muller said he has known Melgen from Florida's Democratic political circles dating back to the late 1990s. At one point, Muller drew up plans to start a business, Melgen & Muller Inc., but the men never followed through.Melgen has made investments in health-related companies since the 1990s, according to SEC reports, but his GFS stake is his only evident natural gas-related investment. Green said he met several times with Melgen and found him to be an "intelligent investor" but could not explain his sudden interest in natural gas."I don't know how he found out about natural gas, but he liked what we were doing and thought it was innovative," Green said.By early 2010, when Melgen formally joined GFS, Menendez had already taken on a key role in backing the natural gas bill, joining Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada and Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah as out-front sponsors.The NAT GAS Act quickly drew energy and environmental battle lines. Oil and alternative energy magnate T. Boone Pickens led corporate natural gas industry backers of the bill, aided by the Obama administration and influential environmental groups. Arrayed against the bill were top oil and coal firms and even some green activists, joined by industrialists David and Charles Koch, whose political action group, Americans for Prosperity, harnessed opposition from conservative groups.Green said he did not authorize or hire any lobbyists on behalf of GFS because he was skeptical about broadening into the markets for on-road trucks. But he did not block the activities of Muller, who in addition to his consulting role with GFS, had also started his own firm, Diesel 2 Gas. It aimed to license GFS technology and use the firm's parts to outfit on-road trucks.In June 2010, representing both GFS and Diesel 2 Gas, Muller testified before an EPA panel in Ann Arbor, Mich., about what he called "cumbersome and unnecessary" rules that hurt GFS and other natural gas firms. The EPA agreed to alter its regulations in April 2011.Between 2009 and 2011, Muller also ran an independent consulting firm, Muller Group Inc., which paid $220,000 to lobbyists from Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck LLP to lobby for the NAT GAS Act and related issues.Muller said he accompanied the lobbyists in at least one meeting with Menendez' staff about the bill but could not recall details. Melgen and Muller joined Menendez at a signing ceremony in Miami in January 2010 for the senator's book, "Growing American Roots." And last June, they joined Menendez at the annual U.S.-Spain Council Annual Forum in Jersey City.Muller said he did not discuss his lobbying activities with Melgen, even though they were both involved with GFS.Both Muller and Melgen also have fundraising ties to Menendez. Muller gave $5,000 to Menendez' New Jersey Senate re-election campaign in 2011. Melgen has been a staunch supporter, giving more than $14,000 directly to Menendez since the late 1990s and, through his eye clinic, donating $700,000 last year to a "super" political committee that supported Democratic Senate candidates. The committee, in turn, spent $582,000 to back Menendez' campaign.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      The rope a dope is coming - I can see it.The government shuts down and Pres. O. comes to the podium for a statement."The Republican party just shut down the government in an attempt to prevent millions of Americans from getting affordable health insurance.This whole episode is pointless because even though government workers aren't getting paid today, members of the armed forces aren't being paid today, and social security checks will be going out late because of this temper tantrum... the health insurance exchanges still open today and the benefits of the affordable care act are there for everyone to see.No more lies. No more hyperbole. Just go to Healthcare.gov and see how much money you can save for your family each month.Sally Smith from Kentucky is saving over $200 per month.Bob Jones from CO is saving $600 per month for his family of 4.Wendy Wright is able to get affordable health insurance for the first time in 10 years.All because of the Affordable Care Act. All because of Obamacare.That's $600 more dollars per month that they can use to buy things they need for their family. $600 more dollars per month of breathing room.Go to Healthcare.gov... see for yourself.See who has been working for you... and who has been working against you.The truth is out there just for you to see.It's what the Republicans in congress don't want you to see. They don't want you to have access to affordable health insurance.They don't care about the middle class. The don't care about you.I do. 7:42 PM PT: *
Wow.... I'm gone most of the day and it goes to the top of the rec list!Glad you liked it. It was mainly a stream of consciousness inspired by the MD speech this week. That speech contained a lot of these elements - just better worded - and it will be all the more poignant and immediate on the 1st.His line about checking healthcare.gov will be much more powerful.Andy Vidak, the Republican farmer, won the special election runoff for the 16th District Senate seat when his opponent, Democrat Leticia Perez, a Kern County Supervisor, conceded on Wednesday, a day after voters cast their ballots. Vidak had 54% of the vote to Perez’s 46%.Perez had initially conceded two months ago when the special election was held. But a recount put Vidak under the 50% threshold that was needed to avoid a runoff, and Perez took back her concession nearly a week after the initial election. The seat became vacant when the Democrat, who won the seat in 2010 by 21 points, resigned to work for Chevron. Democrats thought, especially with a Hispanic female candidate, the seat would be a shoo-in for them. The veto-proof supermajority Democrats have in the state Senate is now imperiled with Vidak’s victory.As Breitbart News had previously reported, though, “Vidak, a working class candidate, resonated with working class Hispanics in the district who also saw how coastal California elites were not putting their bread-and-butter interests first.”Vidak ran broadly on “the bifurcation of California: the coastal liberal elites versus the Valley folks.” On a more local level, Vidak’s theme of “fish versus farmer” resonated with Democrats in a District where the unemployment rate is 15% and as high as 30% in some communities in the District. Vidak reminded voters that liberal environmentalists, in order to protect fish, only allowed farmers to receive 20% of their water allocation, crippling the region’s economy. He also stressed that Perez supported the the state’s high-speed rail project that would have razed business, farms, and homes in the District. Because she supported the agenda of coastal elites and Democrat interest groups, Perez was able to raise twice as much money as Vidak, but 16th District voters ultimately rejected her liberal policies. It is often said that California is a harbinger of things to come for the country. For Republicans looking at California, there has not been much of hope of late, but Vidak’s victory could be a sign that areas that have traditionally voted for Democrats may give the right kind of Republican a chance as they see unemployment rates increase and opportunities for upward mobility decrease in their communities.Politics.Please let us know if you're having issues with commenting.Copyright © 2021 BreitbartAdvertisementSupported byBy Ross DouthatI KNOW, governor, I know: It’s still too early for presidential speculation, you’re just focused on the job at hand and any talk of 2016, while flattering, is purely hypothetical. But just in case you do have some faint, slight, extremely modest interest in parlaying your landslide re-election into a presidential bid, here are four 2016 “don’ts” to keep in mind:Don’t be Jon Huntsman. This sounds easy enough, but obvious pitfalls are still worth pointing out. For the next two years, you’re going to be hailed up and down the Acela Corridor as the Great Moderate Hope, the anti-Tea Party candidate, the Man Who Is Not Ted Cruz. But you can’t actively embrace that part, or give off the impression — as Huntsman did, obviously and fatally — that you agree with the media that your party’s full of rubes and cranks. As a would-be nominee, you have to woo base voters, not run against them, and make them feel respected even when they disagree with you. This doesn’t mean muzzling yourself, or pandering to every right-wing interest group. But it means persuading conservatives that you like them, that you understand them and that as president you’re going to be (mostly) on their side.Don’t be Rudy Giuliani. You probably think you wouldn’t have Rudy’s problems in a Republican primary. Yes, you’re both combative Northeasterners from the party’s moderate flank, but unlike the former mayor you aren’t a social liberal with a public history of adultery (and a few drag performances thrown in). But what felled Giuliani in 2008 wasn’t just “values” issues. It was the former mayor’s apparent belief that being a national hero was a sufficient qualification to be president — that he could just show up, be “Rudy,” and the rest would take care of itself. As another charismatic politician defined by your handling of a catastrophe, you’re vulnerable to the same temptation: the belief that you, personally, are the solution to the Republican Party’s many problems, and that you can just run on your own awesomeness without specifying where you would take the country if you won. That act wears thin in a long campaign, and it’s likely to wear especially thin in a party that needs a new agenda as badly as Republicans do today. Which brings us to ...Don’t assume that what worked in Jersey will work nationally. In state-of-the-party arguments, you and your fellow Republican governors love to contrast your successes with the national party’s struggles. But those successes have been made possible by crucial differences between state-level issues and national ones. In New Jersey, for instance, you’ve been able to successfully isolate public-sector unions, portraying them as drains on middle-class tax dollars and enemies of the common good. But in national budget debates, the biggest issues are popular entitlement programs, not teacher salaries or bureaucrats’ health benefits. And you probably aren’t going to win the presidency wagging your finger at Social Security recipients, or painting the poor and elderly as dangerous special-interest groups. You need a different way to convince voters that you’re on the middle class’s side, and you won’t find it unless you ... Don’t always listen to your donors. As a standard-bearer for pragmatic, non-apocalyptic Republicanism who also hails from a state where lots of rich Wall Streeters sleep at night, you’re going to be awash in money, and with it will come lots of unsolicited advice. Some will be good: the Republican donor class has a better handle on certain political realities than the Tea Party. But some will be terrible, because the right’s donors are loath to acknowledge that their party’s biggest problem isn’t gay marriage or immigration or even the disastrous government shutdown. It’s a brand identity, cemented by Mitt Romney’s persona and “47 percent” remark, as the handmaiden of Big Business and the rich. To alter that identity, you’ll need substance as well as regular-guy style: a tax plan that doesn’t play just as a giveaway to the 1 percent, a health care plan that isn’t just a defense of the pre-Obamacare status quo, an approach to spending that targets corporate welfare as well as food stamps.The good news is that you already have populist politicians like Utah’s Senator Mike Lee leading the charge into this territory, so you can follow without worrying too much about being attacked as a RINO sellout squish. The bad news is that you’ll have a lot of big bundlers cornering you to explain that actually it’s much more important to cut capital-gains taxes or preserve the carried-interest loophole for hedge funds, and why can’t you move to the center on social issues and stick with upper-bracket tax cuts, because after all they worked in the Reagan era ...Which they did — in a completely different economic and political landscape. So if you want to have an era of your own, you’ll need to nod politely, crush your well-heeled advice-giver with a handshake, and then take a different path.AdvertisementThis morning, CNN had only released some of the results of their poll.  Now, they've released the second part, and boy, it's a doozy for the GOP.A CNN/ORC International survey released Monday also found a majority saying that the Republicans' policies are too extreme. And according to the poll, Democrats have an 8-point advantage over the Republicans in an early indicator in the battle for control of Congress. But with more than a year to go until the 2014 midterm elections, there's plenty of time for these numbers to change.....More than seven in 10 questioned in the survey said that most members of Congress don't deserve to be re-elected, with nearly four in 10 saying even their own representative doesn't deserve a return ticket to Washington next year. Both figures are hovering around all-time highs in CNN polling."Although incumbent members of Congress of both parties are not very popular, the shutdown seems to have only affected views of GOP incumbents," CNN Polling Director Keating Holland said.Three-fourths of people questioned in the survey said that most congressional Republicans don't deserved to be re-elected, 21 percentage points higher than the 54% who say most Democrats don't deserve another term in office. Only one in five say most Republicans deserve to be re-elected; 42% say the same thing about Democrats on Capitol Hill.      Yes    No
Dem   40%   56%
GOP   20%   76%This is now spilling over into the generic ballot question as well."We're a long way away from saying that the Democrats have a chance to regain control of the House," Holland cautioned. "There is more than a year to go before any votes are actually cast and the 'generic ballot' question is not necessarily a good predictor of the actual outcome of 435 separate elections. A year before the 2010 midterms, for example, the Democrats held a 6-point lead on the generic ballot."The Republicans eventually won back control of the House in 2010, thanks to a historic 63-seat pickup.Notice in the 2010 average of the polls, on October 21, 2009 (exactly 4 years ago), Democrats held a 45%-39.5% advantage on the generic ballot question.  And then a year later, a massive 63-seat loss in the House, with Republicans actually getting 51.6% of the vote, and Democrats only getting 44.8% of the vote.So, while this poll is good news, don't you dare take anything for granted just yet.EDITOR'S NOTE: CNN’s Jake Tapper takes viewers inside the deadly battle at Combat Outpost Keating in an exclusive interview with Romesha and others who fought off the Taliban attack. “An American Hero: The Uncommon Valor of Clint Romesha” will air Thursday, February 7th at 10pET on CNN.Next week, President Barack Obama will award former U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Clinton Romesha the nation's highest award for combat valor for his actions in repelling a deadly insurgent onslaught in Afghanistan in October 2009. He is the fourth living recipient to receive the award for service in Iraq or Afghanistan.In an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper, Romesha describes his thoughts about seeing Combat Outpost Keating for the first time. The remote outpost was at the foot of three large mountains and surrounded by a river on one side as well. By all military standards, the base was virtually impossible to defend because of the looming mountains that would ultimately give the Taliban a tactical advantage to shoot down into the base and offer deep cover to those fighters in the rocky mountainsides."This is a pretty indefensible spot. This is the exact opposite of when you open up the manual and look in to find the definition of finding a defensible spot, this is the total opposite of it," Romesha said in the interview with Tapper.Romesha is being recognized for his courage at COP Keating against the onslaught of hundreds of Taliban fighters. With just over 50 troops inside the tiny base, Romesha directed and led several charges to repel the 12 hour long attack and regain control of the outpost which had been overrun.The assault on the outpost in the eastern province of Nuristan goes down as one of the deadliest attacks on U.S. troops in Afghanistan with eight soldiers killed and more than 20 wounded.Romesha tells Tapper in an emotional account about his failed attempt to save a close friend, taff Sgt. Justin T. Gallegos, who was trapped in a vehicle which had come under heavy Taliban fire."There was movement everywhere. There was muzzle flashes everywhere. You just couldn’t pick them out fast enough. I tried to hold it as long as I could but when you’re the only machine gun pocking on the COP at that point you start drawing quite a bit of attention and finished the belt and scurried on back," Romesha said. "I called Gallegos and told him told I was sorry. I just told him I was sorry. I couldn’t hold that position for him anymore and they were still stuck."I really like your blog.. very nice colors & theme.
Did you make this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you?
Plz answer back as I'm looking to create my own blog and would
like to find out where u got this from. cheersWow! After all I got a web site from where I be capable
of genuinely obtain valuable facts regarding my study and knowledge.https://thesiswritingtob.com/ – what is thesis in writing good thesis writing thesis help online who to write a thesisHi there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it is really informative.
I am gonna watch out for brussels. I will be grateful if you continue this in future.Many people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!hollywood casino slot games https://casinoxsbonus.com/ betfair casino promo codehttps://kloviagrli.com/ – buy viagra connect https://vigedon.com/ – viagra at walmart https://llecialisjaw.com/ – viagra and cialis together https://jwcialislrt.com/ – canadian pharmacy cialis https://jecialisbn.com/ – do you need a prescription for cialis in canadahttps://dissertationahelp.com/ – dissertation editing dissertation template demystifying dissertation writing dissertation chaptershttps://ljcialishe.com/ – cialis 20 mg price https://cialisvja.com/ – buy cialis online safely https://viagraonlinejc.com/ – viagra without a prescription https://viagratx.com/ – free viagra sample https://buycialisxz.com/ – cialis vs levitrahttp://essaywriteris.com/ – best essay writing websites best cheap essay cheap essays to buy best paper writing siteI have been exploring for a bit for any high-quality
articles or weblog posts on this kind of area . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this site.Studying this information So i'm glad to express
that I've an incredibly excellent uncanny feeling I came upon just what I needed.
I so much indisputably will make sure to do not omit this site and provides it a
glance on a continuing basis.no deposit casino bonus codes usa https://casinoxsbest.com/ best online casino games freehttps://papersonlinebox.com/ – help me write a paper instant paper writer academic paper writing services buy thesis papereverest casino poker 2009 giocci https://casinoxsplay.com/ planet 7 casino promo codesraging bull casino no deposit bonus 2016 https://casinoxsonline.com/ google play logo quiz mania by casino studioHey! I realize this is sort of off-topic however I
had to ask. Does running a well-established blog like
yours take a massive amount work? I am brand new to writing a blog however I do write in my journal daily.
I'd like to start a blog so I will be able to share my experience and feelings online.
Please let me know if you have any kind of ideas or tips
for new aspiring bloggers. Appreciate it!cyclosporine cost buy cyclomune usabuy megalis canada megalis tadalafil 10mgavanafil 50mg avanafil indiapriligy pills usa buy priligy canadaviagra in canada http://viagraonlinejc.com/  safest place to buy viagra online26iq0 r0ojb  35rhhttps://genericviagragog.com generic viagra namesviagra dick female viagra walgreens pfizer viagraI was looking for, and I am glad to came here! Thanks for sharing the such information with us.http://www.usa.xmc.plzithromax for urinary tract infections order zithromax online zithromax classificationNardil is way more effective than SSRI anti-depressants in treating social anxiety and depression.https://nardil.org/global-nardil-shortagereal viagra online uk sildenafil pills buy  mexico viagra over the counterJust to let you know your web page looks a little bit strange in Safari on my computer with Linux .http://www.filozofia.xmc.plHigh DA PA 50+ Do follow Forum Backlinks: https://www.seoclerk.com/Link-Building/836800/High-DA-PA-50-Do-follow-Forum-Backlinkshttps://www.seoclerk.com/Traffic/840816/1500-USA-Visitors-Daily-For-30-Days-From-Niche-Targeted-Organic-Traffic-From-Googlevery poor credit payday loans payday loans in mansfield la does bankruptcy erase payday loansgeneric cialis cheap http://llecialisjaw.com/  i want to buy cialis in australiachild pornshttp://www.iskenderunescort.comcialis mercado libre colombia does viagra or cialis work for women cialis 80 mg reviewsBrawo tak trzymac. Widac, ze dbasz o merytoryczne wpisy na Twoim blogu, Dzieki i zapraszam do siebie...http://www.norwegia.xmc.plpayday loans sterling il loans not payday loans payday loans bad credit 1 hourpayday loans payback over 12 months cash loans on summer greenlight funding payday loanpurchase cialis daily cialis and bathtubs why cialis ordonnance en lignefemale pink viagra 100mg pills http://kloviagrli.com/  cialis viagra levitra canadachloroquine natural sources buy chloroquine online canada heart rate watch walmartviagra using paypal discount harmones and viagra where can i get viagra shipped overnightpayday advance in rubidoux payday loans hilo pauahi st payday loans pampa txover the counter zithromax https://zithromaxes.com/ azithromycin zithromaxside effects of chloroquine https://chloroquineorigin.com/ chloroquinrdrugs.com hydroxychloroquine https://hydroxychloroquinex.com/ drugs.com hydroxychloroquinetadalafil 5mg https://tadalisxs.com/ tadalafil pillThis is a smart blog.  I mean it.  You have so much knowledge about this issue, and so much passion.  You also know how to make people rally behind it, obviously from the responses.  Youve got a design here thats not too flashy, but makes a statement as big as what youre saying.  Great job, indeed.generic viagra buy online cheap how much does a viagra prescription cost genericviagrapharmacy price comparison no prescription pharmacy meds online without doctor prescriptionwalmart pharmacy price check cheap drugs online canadian drugstore reviewsiskenderun escort bayanlarla tanışmak için bu siteyi ziyaret edebilirsiniz.http://www.cuba.tc/escort-kategori/adana-escort-bayaniskenderun escort bayanlarla tanışmak için bu siteyi ziyaret edebilirsiniz.http://www.gu8.pwKrotki okres zycia jest dostatecznie dlugi na to, aby zyc dobrze i uczciwie. – Cyceronquit smoking medical pharmacy Viagra Super Activeiskenderun escort bayanlarla tanışmak için bu siteyi ziyaret edebilirsiniz.http://www.gu8.pwmotion sickness list of approved canadian pharmacies costco online pharmacyEarn $400/Day With Our Passive Income System – Best Autopilot income system 2021https://warriorplus.com/o2/a/nndsr/0Well, as they say, Dont put all your eggs in one basket. Thank you.http://www.pianino.xmc.plcanadian drugs what is the cost of viagra 100 mg list of approved canadian pharmaciesbu viagra online overnight viagra delivery us viagra for sale in south africaesenyurt escort bayanar bu sitede üstelik hepsi ücretsiz...http://www.elitescorthatun.com/ad-category/mersin-escort/iskenderun escort bayanlarla tanışmak için bu siteyi ziyaret edebilirsiniz.http://www.iskenderunescort.xyzogh! Hope Æ´ou get the issue fixed soon. Thankshttp://www.pianino.xmc.plesenyurt escort bayanar bu sitede üstelik hepsi ücretsiz...http://www.cuba.tc/escort-kategori/malatya-escort-bayanI’m impressed, I have to say. Actually rarely do I encounter a weblog that’s each educative and entertaining, and let me inform you, you may have hit the nail on the head. Your concept is excellent; the difficulty is one thing that not enough persons are speaking intelligently about. I'm very completely satisfied that I stumbled across this in my search for something regarding this.https://bonuslikes.com/tag/cheap-yt-likes/best canadian mail order pharmacies buying prescription drugs canada canada pharma limited llcI have been absent for some time, but now I remember why I used to love this website. Thank you, I'll try and check back more often. How frequently you update your web site?http://www.xmc.plwhere can i buy viagra online viagra soft purchase viagra http://canadianpharmacy-yy.com/Fitness/how-to-get-a-six-pack.html – buy cheap viagra ’viagra no perscrption paypal viagra tadalafil coupons for viagra http://erectilejyzd.com/index.php?called=terms – buy viagra online overnight delivery ’Earn 500 a Day With Our Passive Income System Doing These 3 Steps: Step 1: Get our ready made niche websites,  Step 2: Setup your Paypal account. Step 3: Run our Unlimited Traffic System from our Free 850 sources of traffic and start earning your income in same day. More info: https://warriorplus.com/o2/a/gp8vk/0https://bitly.com/2qChAkXThis is a very interesting article. Please, share more like this!https://yt1s.com/youtube-to-mp3Hello there! My identify is john I am a 20 years old pupil. I love to go through. I dont have a good deal of time. This is why I realized speed reading exercises, I Believe that in case you go through a great deal of books and megazines you have to discover the talent of speed reading. Just in order to go through much better and quicker. anyway, I hope youll proceed to sustain this website. this is really a fantastic place and I am certain Ill be back again within the close future again.http://www.xmc.plviagra   viagara brand cialis canada viagra with dapoxetine http://erectilejyzd.com/ – Myambutol ’CNN welcomes a lively and courteous discussion as long as you follow the Rules of Conduct set forth in our Terms of Service. Comments are not pre-screened before they post. You agree that anything you post may be used, along with your name and profile picture, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and the license you have granted pursuant to our Terms of Service.CNN's Security Clearance examines national and global security, terrorism and intelligence, as well as the economic, military, political and diplomatic effects of it around the globe, with contributions from CNN's national security team in Washington and CNN journalists around the world.E-mail us at securityclearance@cnn.com Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.Perhaps we can help you find what you wanted when you hit this error page?Try our site map for a list of all online sections or check out our columnists page.We also have search tools for finding a particular stories and topics pages covering many major issues and people.If you are looking for a particular suburban publication or story, the best place to start is our suburbs page. Finally, you may want to take a look at our archives, which date back to 1849.If none of these suggestions work, please feel free to read through our FAQ or send us a question or comment.President Obama’s poll numbers are at record lows. The health care law that serves as the cornerstone of his domestic policy legacy is even more unpopular. And there are few chances to change the conversation among a skeptical public that isn’t happy with Washington.Sound familiar? It should: The national political climate today is starting to resemble 2010, when Republicans won control of the House of Representatives by riding a wave of voter anger.Wave elections are rare. Only a handful of times in the previous century has one party racked up big wins. Democrats won big handfuls of House seats in 1930, 1932, 1948, 1958, 1974, 2006 and 2008. Republicans won back more than 40 seats in 1938, 1942, 1946, 1966, 1994 and 2010. And with nearly a year to go before Election Day, voters’ moods can change dramatically.But the rocky rollout of the Affordable Care Act and President Obama’s crumbling support suggests another wave might be building. While voters usually punish a president’s party in at least one midterm election, they may be winding up to deliver another smack to President Obama’s allies on Capitol Hill.Voter dislike of ObamaCare cost Democrats the House in 2010. It could cost them the Senate in 2014.The poll numbers hint at the toll the Affordable Care Act has taken on the Democratic Party. A CNN/ORC International poll conducted November 18-20 shows 49 percent of registered voters favored a generic Republican candidate for Congress, compared with 47 percent who favored a Democratic candidate. A Quinnipiac University poll conducted November 6-11 shows the generic ballot tied, at 39 percent each.Historically, Democrats have held an advantage of at least a few points on the generic ballot, even when election results are a wash: Democrats held a six-point edge just before Election Day 2000 and picked up a grand total of one seat. Democrats led Republicans by one point on the generic ballot just before the 2010 elections, when Republicans rode to a sweeping victory.And there’s no sign that Obama will become more popular. Presidents who see their approval ratings dip so dramatically in the second term rarely see their numbers improve. Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon’s approval ratings never recovered after the Vietnam War and the Watergate scandal (Nixon, of course, didn’t stick around to see just how far his ratings could fall). George W. Bush’s approval rating sank in the spring of 2005, and continued falling through the end of his term. Obama’s numbers are starting to resemble Bush’s trend lines.For much of Obama’s tenure, even voters who say they disapproved of his job performance still retained a favorable impression of the president. That’s increasingly not the case: In the latest Washington Post/ABC News survey, conducted earlier this month, Obama’s unfavorable rating, 52 percent, tops his favorable rating, 46 percent. It’s only the second time [pdf] the number of unfavorable impressions outweighed the favorable ones.Reaction to the bungled rollout of the health care law is overwhelmingly to blame. Already, the fallout has been evident: Public surveys in Virginia showed Gov.-elect Terry McAuliffe (D) leading Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli (R) by wide margins in the wake of the government shutdown. But Cuccinelli made the final weeks of the race into a referendum on ObamaCare, and McAuliffe’s support began to erode. On Election Day, McAuliffe won by just 2.5 points, a narrower margin than even his internal polls showed. Another week, and Cuccinelli might be governor-elect.Democrats will say the Republican Party is in even worse shape than they are, and they have a point: In the October Washington Post/ABC News poll, just 32 percent of voters said they had a favorable impression of the GOP, compared with 46 percent who had a favorable impression of the Democratic Party. And Republicans still have not articulated a clear governing vision for the country, even a year after failure to do so emerged as a central criticism of Mitt Romney’s 2012 campaign.But back in 2010, 40 percent told Post pollsters they viewed Republicans in a favorable light, 10 points lower than those who said they saw Democrats favorably. Republicans feigned a national platform, akin to the Contract With America, but their pitch to voters was more about what they were against — namely, Democrats and ObamaCare — than what they were for. Voters have backed the unpopular party with few ideas over the slightly-more-popular party with unpopular ideas before.The stakes are highest for Democratic senators seeking re-election in red states, where the Affordable Care Act is even more widely despised than it is nationally. Democratic incumbents in Arkansas, Louisiana, North Carolina and Alaska will face added headwinds unless the political climate changes.And there aren’t many opportunities for Democrats to change that climate.The one opportunity that Democrats do have lies in negotiations over the federal budget. October’s government shutdown gave Democrats a temporary advantage, and if Republican hardliners pursue the same path, they could hand Democrats an opening. But with Republican anger at Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and others who led the shutdown crusade at such pitched levels, it seems unlikely Republicans would repeat their political mistakes of this fall.That leaves Democrats weighed down by an unpopular president and an unpopular (and malfunctioning) law, running in unfavorable terrain. A major political wave hasn’t developed yet, but a Republican sweep looks more likely now than it has since the waning weeks of the 2010 campaign.RELATED: The 10 biggest news stories of the yearThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsTo complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.Julian Zelizer: Washington's budget fight will grab public's attention if no deal reachedHe says painful cuts will lead the public to blame Republicans for Washington's dysfunctionAmericans don't like government spending in general but like specific programs, he saysZelizer: GOP needs to rethink its reliance on deficit reduction as a prime strategy
      Editor’s Note: Julian Zelizer is a professor of history and public affairs at Princeton University. He is the author of “Jimmy Carter” and  “Governing America.”
    
  Until now “sequestration” has been a word that only means something to people living inside the Beltway or to political junkies who depend on their daily dose of Politico and The Hill. But if Congress and the president do not reach a deal by March 1, which appears likely, Americans will quickly learn what it means – namely deep spending cuts.

  The spending cuts pose a significant political threat to Republicans, more so than to Democrats. Although many Republicans are standing firm, insisting that their party will be fine if the cuts go through, there are many reasons for the GOP, through a sober eye, to see the dangers that lay ahead. 

  The cuts could push congressional politics in a liberal direction and establish the foundation for solid Democratic gains in 2014.

  Last week Bob Woodward argued that President Obama was responsible for the sequester idea, not the Republicans. But while people are squabbling over who owns the sequester, the GOP will take the hit regardless.

  The danger for Republicans is that the budget cuts will severely weaken public support for the austerity theme that the party has been promoting since 2010. The cuts will make “deficit reduction” something very real to average American citizens and business and something that is often quite painful rather than an abstract debate over numbers.

  Opinion: One cuts, Washington throws a tantrum

  While Americans have historically been hostile to government, they tend to support specific government services when asked by pollsters. So Washington’s overall spending might not be popular as a concept, but Social Security and Medicare are. 

  The spending cuts will shift the debate toward the specifics. Americans will watch as government services are retrenched. The last time this happened, things didn’t go well for the GOP. 

  When the federal government shut down in 1995-1996 because of a budget standoff between Republicans and President Clinton, the GOP faced a huge backlash when Americans were unable to access basic government services, such as obtaining a passport or visiting the national zoo. 

  Opinion: The spending cut fairy tale

  President Obama has already been using the bully pulpit to make this case, appearing with first responders and warning of how the cuts will impact police, hospitals, teachers, airline workers and more. Standing in front of a group of police officers, Obama said, “Federal prosecutors will have to close cases and let criminals go.” While these speeches are a form of political theater, they are based on very real possibilities.

  The budget cuts that result from sequestration would just be the first of the threats the GOP faces. If the government has to shut down as a result of a standoff when the government’s general operating budget expires in late March or the debt ceiling is not raised this spring, Republicans will continue to lose the public’s confidence in their ability to govern and the reduction in services will   highlight to Americans what the government actually does. 

  If the economy sputters as a result of the spending cuts, as some economists predict, deficit reduction will look even worse. An already frustrated workforce will become even more angry, and likely take out their frustration on a Republican Party that has been insisting deficit reduction should be the nation’s short-term goal, rather than stimulating the economy.

  Conservatives will  suffer as the focus  of congressional debate will quickly shift from the issue of spending cuts, where the emphasis has been since 2011, to the issue of spending more.  

  Once the cuts go through, frustration and anger with the impact on government services will certainly produce increased pressure on legislators in both parties to offer a fix, namely to restore spending to key areas. 

  Borger: Obama can’t kick his legacy down the road

  With legislators already thinking about the 2014 elections,  this will be tempting. If this shift occurs, Republicans, who have invested so much in making fiscal discipline their top issue, will be operating in a congressional environment where the    debates center around areas where the government needs to devote more government resources rather than less.

  The  automatic spending cuts are the ultimate symbol of a dysfunctional government. The reason the cuts were put into place was that President Obama and Congress were unable to reach an agreement on taxes and spending. Government leaders agreed to put a gun to their own head by threatening unpalatable cuts if they were unable to reach a deal. Now the trigger is about to be pulled.

  The problem for Republicans is that the polls show that the approval rating of the GOP is in the tank while President Obama is doing relatively well. According to Quinnipiac University, only 19% of Americans approve of how Republicans are handling their job. 

  Obama is enjoying his highest favorability ratings since 2009, with 60% having a favorable rating of him in a Washington Post-ABC poll. The likelihood, as in 1995-1996, is that the public will blame the dysfunction on the GOP rather than Democrats and the party will suffer a further erosion of its standing as a result. 

  According to a recent poll by the Pew Foundation and USA Today, Republicans would be blamed for the cuts by almost half of Americans, while only 31% would blame Obama. 

  News: Top Senate Republican doubts damage from defense cuts

  Sequestration will soon become a dirty word in the American political lexicon. While it is impossible to predict which way the political winds will blow, there is good reason for Republicans to see how they can suffer politically if some kind of deal is not reached. 

  Republicans, who have now struggled through two presidential elections and are facing a demographic shift that does not work in their favor, might want to start thinking harder about their strategy on spending. Deficit reduction is no longer a winning issue for the GOP.

  

  Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter.

  Join us at Facebook/CNNOpinion.   

  

  The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        July 7, 2010: An Environmental Protection Agency worker looks at oil from the Deepwater Horizon spill which seeped into a marsh in Waveland, Mississippi. (Reuters)Two Republican lawmakers on the House Science Committee are accusing the Environmental Protection Agency of pushing through a rule that could potentially expand the agency’s regulatory authority over streams, wetlands and other bodies under the Clean Water Act.Reps. Lamar Smith, R-Texas, and Chris Stewart, R-Utah, on Friday sent a letter to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy expressing concern over the proposed draft rule, which they say would give the agency “unprecedented control over private property across the nation.”The rule, which aims to clarify the agency's regulatory jurisdiction over different types of water bodies, was sent to the Office of Management and Budget in September for review. The agency has said the scope of the proposal is limited to clearing up confusion caused by Supreme Court decisions involving the Clean Water Act.The lawmakers claimed the agency is engaging in a "rushed, politicized regulatory process" and called for the EPA's independent science advisory board to review the science underlying the proposal."In light of the significant implications this action would have on the economy, property rights and state sovereignty, this process must be given more thought and deliberation to allow for important, statutorily-required, weighing of the scientific and technical underpinnings of the proposed regulatory changes," the lawmakers wrote.In September, the agency released a report from its science advisory board analyzing the relationships between smaller, isolated bodies of water and larger ones. The report, which served as the basis for the proposal, concluded that streams and wetlands have important effects on downstream waters.The EPA plans to accept public comments on the draft rule before finalizing it, but the agency has not indicated whether it will comply with the lawmakers' request to allow for an independent review of the science underpinning the rule.“Any attempt to issue a proposed rule before completing an independent examination by the agency’s own science advisors would be to put the cart before the horse,” Smith and Stewart wrote.In January, EPA critics and officials in Virginia scored a key victory in their legal battle with the agency over its attempt to regulate stormwater runoff that some described as a land takeover.In the Virginia case, a federal judge ruled in favor of the state Department of Transportation and the Fairfax County Board of Supervisors, which challenged EPA's restrictions on the flow of stormwater into a Fairfax County creek.U.S. District Judge Liam O'Grady in Alexandria agreed with Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli, who argued that the EPA was trying to regulate water itself as a pollutant. In his ruling, O'Grady said: "Stormwater runoff is not a pollutant, so EPA is not authorized to regulate it."The EPA contended that water itself can be regulated as a pollutant if there's too much of it. The agency says heavy runoff is having a negative impact on Accotink Creek and that it has the regulatory authority to remedy the situation.The Associated Press contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Moments before a scheduled vote on Thursday on the nomination of Gina McCarthy to lead the Environmental Protection Agency, Republican members of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee announced a boycott.
                                        One result was to delay her confirmation, which still seems virtually certain in the long run since Democrats control the committee as well as the full Senate. The other result was to make the Republicans look not
                                        only vindictive but supremely childish.Their stated reason for the boycott was that Ms. McCarthy, who had already been bombarded in earlier hearings with 1,079 questions, spoken and written, had not sufficiently answered what Senator David Vitter, a Louisiana
                                        Republican and ringleader of the group, called 5 important “transparency requests.” What was really transparent was the Republicans’ true motive. They detest E.P.A. and the regulatory authority
                                        it possesses (authority granted to it, by the way, by Congress) to clean up the air and water and, in general, take steps to safeguard public health. The transparency issue was merely cover for deep-seated ideological
                                        objections to the agency’s basic mission.
                                         A case in point was the request that the agency undertake “whole economy” cost-benefits analysis of its rules and regulations. Ms. McCarthy had earlier replied that
                                        the agency already conducts detailed, peer-reviewed analyses of those rules. So what more do Mr. Vitter and his colleagues expect? They want the agency to superimpose on its own reviews an industry-friendly cost-benefit
                                        model that — in addition to adding new layers of bureaucratic red tape — could also lead to weaker regulation. Their other requests would impose similarly time-consuming and non-essential burdens.Few people saw this boycott coming, In fact, the questioning of Ms. McCarthy when she recently appeared before the committee was gentle, even pro-forma. What happened? One line of reasoning is that a couple of true
                                        Tea Partiers — Marco Rubio and Rand Paul — have lately been raising loud objections to Ms. McCarthy’s aggressive (and thoroughly proper) use of Clean Air Act to impose tough new regulations
                                        on mercury and other emissions from power plants — and that Republicans on the committee have felt obliged to knuckle under.In any case, the Senate Republicans are now beginning to act and sound just like the House Republicans who have spent the last two years trying to undermine the E.P.A. at every turn. What’s truly dumb about this
                                        charade is that Ms. McCarthy is not an ideologue. She is tough, she believes deeply in the country’s basic environmental statutes. But she is also known as a good listener and negotiator, has served with
                                        distinction in key environmental posts in Massachusetts and Connecticut, and, more to the point, has broad backing among mainstream Republicans — the sort of Republicans who no longer exist in the House
                                        and, it appears, are headed swiftly for extinction in the Senate.
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    Chris Stirewalt weighs inWASHINGTON – President Obama's pick to lead the Environmental Protection Agency is already running into resistance from the fossil fuel industry over concerns that she would escalate a "war" on oil, coal and natural gas.EPA veteran Gina McCarthy was one of three nominees Obama announced at the White House late Monday morning. He also tapped MIT scientist Ernest Moniz to head the Energy Department and Walmart's Sylvia Mathews Burwell as his next budget chief.All will have to undergo Senate confirmation. And McCarthy -- given her background and the controversial nature of the agency she wants to lead -- could face the toughest screening."Today's announcement that the president wants Gina McCarthy to serve as the next EPA administrator is a clear indication that the administration will continue a war on affordable energy," Thomas Pyle, president of the Institute for Energy Research, said in a statement."Throughout her career McCarthy has implemented policies that attempt to constrain the use of reliable energy sources. ... It appears the president is rewarding these efforts by increasing her ability to implement an ideological and political agenda. If confirmed as EPA administrator, McCarthy will continue the regulatory attack on oil, coal and natural gas with the result that Americans will experience increasing energy costs and high unemployment rates."McCarthy led the Office of Air and Radiation, and in that role oversaw regulations that some in the domestic energy industry blame for lost coal jobs.Key were first-ever regulations on greenhouse gas emissions out of new power plants. That followed new controls on mercury emissions.Sen. James Inhofe, R-Okla., said the nomination makes clear that Obama "wants to continue pursuing an aggressive climate agenda at EPA."Environmental and air quality advocates, though, credit McCarthy with helping implement rules that could curb everything from asthma attacks to heart attacks.Obama described McCarthy as someone who could balance smart environmental regulation and economic growth. He said that at the EPA so far, she has pursued "practical cost-effective ways to keep our air clean and our economy growing.""She has earned a reputation as a straight-shooter," Obama said Monday. "I'm confident that she is going to do an outstanding job."The nominations Monday preceded Obama's first Cabinet meeting of his second term. They also signal that the White House is trying to get back to normal business after the president and Congress failed to avert the $85 billion in automatic spending cuts that started taking effect Friday. While the president has warned of dire consequences for the economy as a result of the cuts, the White House does not want the standoff with Congress to keep the president from focusing on other second term priorities, including filling out his Cabinet, as well as pursuing stricter gun laws and an overhaul of the nation's immigration system.His nominee for the budget office, Burwell, is a Washington veteran, having served as OMB's deputy director in the Clinton administration and chief of staff to former Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin. She currently runs the Walmart Foundation, the retail giant's philanthropic wing, and previously served as president of the Gates Foundation's Global Development Program.The White House official credited Burwell with being a principal architect of a series of budget plans in the 1990s that led to a budget surplus.Walmart president Mike Duke called Burwell a strong leader with a "clear vision for making big things happen.""She understands business and the role that business, government and civil society must play to build a strong economy that provides opportunity and strengthens communities across the country," Duke said in a statement.The Associated Press contributed to this report.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      Do Not Sell The stock prices for Smith & Wesson Holding Co. (SWHC) and Sturm, Ruger & Co. (RGR) rose about 4%. The stock for Sturm, Ruger has risen 13% in the month since the shooting at a Newtown, Conn., elementary school that left 20 children and six educators dead.  Retailers that specialize in guns have also done well. The stock price for Cabela's (CAB) surged 6% on Wednesday and has gained 20% over the last month. Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS) notched up slightly, and has gained 6% over the month.  Obama issued the call for the assault ban as part of a broad response to the Newtown shooting.  "Congress should restore the ban on military style assault weapons and a 10-round limit for magazines," the president said. Obama was referring to a 10-year ban that expired in 2004, which limited the capacity of magazines and restricted military-style features on semiautomatic rifles.  Related: Obama seeks assault weapons ban  But the specter of a potential ban in the wake of mass shootings around the country has prompted gun enthusiasts to stock up on the weapons that may some day be denied to them.  "Consumers are flocking to stores to purchase certain types of firearms, including assault rifles, in fears of some type of ban going forward," said Rommel Dionisio, gun industry analyst for Wedbush Securities. "It's people rushing to buy them before they're banned."  Dick's said last month that it has suspended sales of assault rifles.  Related: Assault rifles are selling out  Smith & Wesson and Sturm, Ruger manufacture a wide variety of firearms, including the semiautomatic rifles that are known various as assault weapons or modern sporting rifles.  There are many other non-public companies that manufacture semiautomatic rifles, including Bushmaster Firearms International, which makes the rifle used at the Newtown shooting and also a recent shooting in Webster, N.Y., where a convict burned down houses and then ambushed and killed two volunteer firefighters.  Such a ban, if it passes, would also impact manufacturers of high-capacity magazines. They include the Beta Company, which makes 100-round drums, and SGM Tactical, which produces 30-round and 100-round magazines.  Related: A month after Newtown, a massive gun trade show  High-capacity magazines face a potential ban because they were used by Adam Lanza in the Newtown shooting and by James Holmes, suspect in a mass shooting last year at a movie theater in Aurora, Colo.  Obama acknowledged that he faces serious opposition in trying to get an assault weapon bill passed by a Republican-controlled House.  Even as Obama spoke, thousands of gun industry members packed into the SHOT Show -- an annual trade show -- in Las Vegas. The show is owned and sponsored by the National Shooting Sports Foundation, an organization based in Newtown, less than two miles from the site of the Sandy Hook school shooting. 
        Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2019 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc.2019. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2019 and/or its affiliates.
        © 2020 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.
        
        CNN Sans™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — The governors of Texas and South Dakota visited Connecticut on Monday to court gun manufacturers that have threatened to leave since the state passed tough new gun-control laws this year in response to the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School.While gun makers may be unlikely to leave behind their factories and skilled workforces, executives say Texas is an appealing location — and some said the out-of-state attention marked a stark contrast with a Connecticut governor they say has shown little regard for a local industry that dates to the Revolutionary War.Texas Gov. Rick Perry shot at a firing range at Connecticut's venerable Colt Manufacturing Co., one of the plants he toured, and met privately with company owners and other businesses at a downtown Hartford restaurant. At a brief news conference afterward, the Republican offered a conservative policy blueprint in a state run by Democrats."Are your tax policies really in the best interest of your job creators?" he asked. "Is your regulatory climate one of which (that) really allows your citizens to be able to enjoy the freedoms that they can have or they should have or that they think they should have or are they going to relocate somewhere?"Connecticut's Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, a Democrat, signed new gun restrictions into law in April, four months after 20 children and six educators were murdered by a lone gunman at a Newtown school.Joe Bartozzi, senior vice president and general counsel at O.F. Mossberg & Sons, welcomed Perry's visit to the North Haven gun maker, which employs 270 workers in Connecticut and 400 in Texas. He contrasted Perry's interest in the business and the jobs it provides with what he called "less than flattering remarks" in recent months by U.S. Sen. Chris Murphy and Malloy about the gun industry.Asked about the possibility of expanding in Texas, Bartozzi said, "That would make more sense. That would be more logical for us."The political climate in Connecticut is one of the factors, he said. He also said taxes and costs are higher in Connecticut.Colt President and CEO Dennis Veilleux issued a statement saying Perry assured the company it would "always be welcome in Texas."Mark T. Malkowski, president of Stag Arms in New Britain, said he's been in touch with Perry's office and met with the governor in Houston last month. He said he and Perry spoke about taxes, what Texas is doing "to keep it a very friendly place for businesses" and the cultural differences between Connecticut and Texas, which is perceived as less hostile to guns."There was nothing as much as a phone from our governor asking us to stay," he said.Kelsey Pritchard, a spokeswoman for South Dakota Gov. Dennis Daugaard, said the governor and state economic development officials are visiting Connecticut on Monday and Tuesday to meet with gun manufacturers.Malkowski said the biggest obstacle to quitting Connecticut is that the company's 200 employees would have to uproot themselves and their families."That's the hardest part. The employees make up the business," he said.Malloy, who welcomed Perry to Connecticut in an unannounced visit to the Texas governor's meeting in Hartford, said the gun issue is particularly sharp in Connecticut because of the killings at the Sandy Hook Elementary School."I don't think he understands that kind of loss and how it's affected people in our state," Malloy said.Legislation enacted in April adds more than 100 firearms to the state's assault weapons ban and bans the sale of magazines capable of holding more than 10 rounds of ammunition.Perry said taxes and regulations are factors in decisions not only by gun manufacturers, but by pharmaceutical companies, financial firms and other businesses about where to locate.Malloy sought to blunt Perry's thrust on jobs and industry. Connecticut's governor has made economic development a signature issue since taking office in January 2011, establishing a program consolidating tax credits to draw large employers and pushing for legislation promoting small business and bioscience jobs."Listen, we compete for every job and we're doing a pretty good job at it," he said.Perry has poached in other states. He sought to talk up Texas for jobs in California's high tech, biotechnology, financial, insurance and film industries and urged Illinois employers to leave the state "while there's still time."The Texas governor, who is set to visit New York during his trip to the Northeast, also has run ads mocking New York's "new New York ads," saying the Empire State is a high-tax state that hasn't much changed.In Connecticut, he tried to take the edge off his tough message."Sometimes it's a rough business. I get that," Perry said. "But so is competition on an athletic field. I hope we can shake hands, realize that we're just competitors. We're all Americans first. "______Associated Press writers Susan Haigh in Hartford and John Christoffersen in New Haven contributed to this report.The actress has previously been known as Thandie, an anglicised version of her name.An Asian senior was fatally stabbed while walking her dogs in Riverside, CA on Saturday morning.  The incident, which police say appeared to be “completely random,” occurred in the area of Golden Avenue in the neighborhood of La Sierra just after 7 a.m.  Ke Chieh Meng, 64, was found bleeding from stab wounds in her abdomen.  “When our detectives interviewed the suspect, they didn't come across anything to suggest she attacked the victim due to her race,” Riverside Police Officer Ryan Railsback told CNN.Michael Jordan's Grove XXIII is one of the most exclusive golf courses in Florida and has already hosted some of the biggest names in sports.As president, Trump spent 142 days at his gilded Florida property, which he dubbed the "Winter White House."U.S. Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell lashed out at corporate America on Monday, warning CEOs to stay out of the debate over a new voting law in Georgia that has been criticized as restricting votes among minorities and the poor.  McConnell warned companies there could be risks for turning on the party, but he did not elaborate.  "Corporations will invite serious consequences if they become a vehicle for far-left mobs to hijack our country from outside the constitutional order," McConnell told a news conference in his home state of Kentucky.The Marvel star opened up about his fitness journey and bulking up for the role of Thor in a new interview with The Telegraph.Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) is the latest Republican to lash out at Major League Baseball over its decision to pull the 2021 All-Star Game from Atlanta in response to Georgia's controversial new voting law, which critics say will suppress voters' rights. Rubio penned a letter to MLB commissioner Rob Manfred on Monday, clearly aiming to paint the move as a hypocritical one. "I write to ask whether you intend to maintain your membership at Augusta National Golf Club," Rubio asked, referring to the famous golf club where the Masters is played every year. "As you are well aware, the exclusive members-only club is located in the State of Georgia." The letter also focused on MLB's partnership to help grow the sport in China, and its engagement with the Cuban Baseball Federation. "Will you end your lucrative financial relationship with Tencent, a company with deep ties to the Communist Party" that "actively helps the Chinese government hunt down and silence political dissidents?," he added. Rubio wrote that he has no expectations any of those changes will happen. The reason the league reacted the way it did to Georgia, he argued, is because it was "an easy way to signal virtues without significant financial fallout," while "speaking out against the Chinese Communist Party would involve a significant loss of revenue and being closed out of a lucrative market." Read the full letter here. More stories from theweek.comMatt Gaetz suggests people are out to get him because he's happily engagedThe GOP's cultural impotenceThe pandemic crime surge is a policing problemThe following is a roundup of some of the latest scientific studies on the novel coronavirus and efforts to find treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, the illness caused by the virus.  New data from Israel, where health officials moved quickly to distribute the COVID-19 vaccine from Pfizer Inc and partner BioNTech SE, suggests that the vaccination of adults also protects unvaccinated people living around them.  Roughly one third of Maccabi Healthcare Services (MHS) 1.95 million members - all above the age of 16 - had received at least a single vaccine dose by Jan. 30.Jane Rosenberg/ReutersFormer Minneapolis police officer Derek Chauvin violated department policy when he held his knee on George Floyd’s neck for over nine minutes during a May arrest, the city’s police chief testified Monday. “It’s not part of our training and is certainly not part of our ethics or values,” Minneapolis Police Chief Medaria Arradondo told jurors at Chauvin’s murder trial in Hennepin County court. The chief insisted Chauvin should have stopped restraining Floyd the second he stopped resisting. “That action is not de-escalation. And when you talk about the framework of the sanctity of life...that action goes contrary to what we’re taught,” he said.“I absolutely agree it violates our policy,” Arradondo added.The chief’s sharp rebuke of Chauvin’s actions comes after several current and former Minneapolis police officials also slammed the former law enforcer’s decision to use the excessive-force restraint position, insisting it was “totally unnecessary” after Floyd had stopped resisting.Dr. Bradford Wankhede Langenfeld, emergency room doctor who pronounced Floyd dead, also testified at Chauvin’s trial on Monday, revealing that when paramedics brought the 46-year-old to the hospital, no one told him they suspected he’d had a drug overdose or heart attack.Langenfeld, a senior resident at the Hennepin County Medical Center at the time, described to jurors how he tried to resuscitate Floyd when he was brought into the ER. He said that while he was immediately told that Floyd was “detained” by police at the time of “medical emergency,” paramedics did not mention anything about a possible drug overdose.“Any amount of time a patient spends in cardiac arrest without immediate CPR markedly decreases the chance of a good outcome,” Langenfeld said, suggesting that officers at the scene should have provided medical attention. “Approximately 10 to 15 percent decrease in survival for every minute that CPR is not administered.”‘Totally Unnecessary’: Cops Desert Derek Chauvin on the Witness StandLangenfeld said Floyd’s heart was not beating to a “degree sufficient to sustain life” when he was brought in, prompting his team to perform several life-saving measures, including chest compressions and artificial airways, as they tried to revive him.After about 30 minutes, however, they declared him dead. The doctor said that hypoxia, or low oxygen, was the most likely cause of Floyd’s cardiac arrest based on the information he had at the time of his death. He added that oxygen deficiency is commonly known as “asphyxia.”Chauvin, 45, is on trial for second and third-degree murder as well as second-degree manslaughter after holding his knee on Floyd’s neck during an arrest over a counterfeit bill. Three other officers—Tou Thao, Thomas K. Lane, and J. Alexander Kueng—have pleaded not guilty to aiding and abetting second-degree murder while committing a felony, as well as aiding and abetting second-degree manslaughter with culpable negligence.Eric Nelson, the former law enforcer’s defense lawyer, has argued that Floyd’s death was the result of health issues and drugs—and that his client was simply doing what “he was trained to do throughout his 19-year career.”But Chauvin’s former peers who were involved in the aftermath of Floyd’s arrest disagreed with that assessment, stating that they would never use the kind of force the cop did on May 25, 2020—which was captured in a video shared around the world.Prosecutors revealed Monday that three other MPD officials are expected to testify, including Inspector Lt. Katie Blackwell, who will insist officers are not trained to place knees on the necks of those in custody, and Sgt. Ker Yang, who will also testify about MPD’s crisis-intervention training given to all officers. Two use-of-force experts are also expected to testify against Chauvin’s actions on Monday.Arradondo was the first of these officials to testify on Monday, walking jurors through the various trainings required by his department‚ including de-escalation techniques.“The goal is to resolve the situation as safely as possible. So you want to always have de-escalation layered into those actions of using force,” Arradondo, who was responsible for firing Chauvin last year, said. Calling the training “vitally essential,” he added that the curriculum for new officers has changed over the last 30 years. For instance, in 2016, police were told that bystanders could record them under their First Amendment rights—even if it is “irritating.” That training, Arradondo said, did allow Chauvin to hold Floyd for the first few seconds to get him under control. “To continue to apply that level of force to a person proned-out, handcuffed behind their back, that in no way, shape or form is anything that is by policy,” he added. On Friday, the longest-serving officer in the Minneapolis Police Department, Lt. Richard Zimmerman, testified that officers have never been trained to kneel on a person’s neck while they are handcuffed. Instead, officers are told to put people on their side or have them sit up after handcuffing them.“Totally unnecessary. First of all, pulling him down to the ground face-down and putting your knee on a neck for that amount of time is just uncalled for,” Zimmerman, who has been with the department since 1985, said when asked about the videos of the incident. “I saw no reason why the officers felt they were in danger. And that’s what they would have to feel to be able to use that kind of force.”Sgt. David Pleoger, a former shift supervisor with the Minneapolis Police Department who received a call about Floyd’s arrest from a concerned 911 dispatcher, also testified Thursday that Chauvin’s use of force went too far.“When Mr. Floyd was no longer offering up any resistance to the officers, they could’ve ended the restraint,” Pleoger said.Last week, several bystanders emotionally described to jurors how they repeatedly asked Chauvin to remove his knee and to check Floyd’s pulse during the arrest. Among the group were an off-duty Minneapolis firefighter and EMT—who said she was ignored after repeatedly offering her assistance—as well as an MMA fighter who tried to explain that Chauvin’s chokehold was cutting off Floyd’s circulation. Several teenagers also testified how they begged the officers to stop as Floyd was “gasping for air.”When paramedics finally arrived at the scene, Chauvin had to be instructed to get off Floyd. Prosecutors stated that when Floyd was loaded into the ambulance, he had no pulse.The Hennepin County Medical Examiner concluded Floyd died of cardiac arrest from the restraint and neck compression, also noting that Floyd had heart disease and fentanyl in his system. An independent report commissioned by Floyd’s family, which will not be shown at trial, concluded that he died of strangulation from the pressure to his back and neck. Both reports determined Floyd’s death was a homicide.Read more at The Daily Beast.Got a tip? Send it to The Daily Beast hereGet our top stories in your inbox every day. Sign up now!Daily Beast Membership: Beast Inside goes deeper on the stories that matter to you. Learn more.Mayor Lori Lightfoot said Monday that she has directed the Chicago Police Department to capture and bring to justice whoever gave a 13-year-old boy the handgun he was carrying last week when he was fatally shot by a police officer.  Adam Toledo was shot in the chest after he ran from officers in the Little Village neighborhood shortly before 3 a.m. on March 29.  “We will find the person who put the gun in Adam's hand,” Lightfoot said during a news conference in the neighborhood on the West Side."Businesses must not use economic blackmail to spread disinformation and push bad ideas that citizens reject at the ballot box," McConnell said.There is no more accurate way of describing last night’s 60 Minutes segment on Governor Ron DeSantis of Florida than as a political hit job. It was an aspersion, a slander, a smear — a calculated and premeditated calumny contrived for one purpose and one purpose alone: To hint darkly at scandal where none exists, and, thereby, to damage DeSantis in 2022 and beyond. Americans who tuned in to 60 Minutes yesterday are now less informed than they were before it aired. The supposed “problem” that 60 Minutes highlighted was that Florida’s government has used the popular grocery chain Publix to help it distribute COVID-19 vaccines, that Publix gave $100,000 to Governor DeSantis’s re-election efforts last year, and that the combination of the two represents a quid pro quo. This claim is absurd on its face. Not only is Publix the largest and most widely trusted grocery-store chain in the state of Florida, but the majority of its 831 stores in the state have well-equipped pharmacies at which Floridians are accustomed to getting flu shots. Irrespective of any other logistical considerations, it would have been surprising if Publix had not been one of the major players in the state’s effort. It is true that Publix has recently given $100,000 to Ron DeSantis’s gubernatorial reelection bid. It is also true that it gave a million dollars to the progressive Urban League last year, and that, back in 2018, it gave $100,000 to Democratic campaigns in the state. To believe that there is a connection between this routine behavior and decisions that were made during an unforeseen once-in-a-century pandemic is to stretch oneself to the breaking point. The producers of 60 Minutes know this, which is why they edited out the portion of Governor DeSantis’s answer that explains beyond question why Publix was chosen for its role. In the offending segment, CBS’s Sharyn Alfonsi is seen asking DeSantis, “Publix, as you know, donated $100,000 to your campaign, and then you rewarded them with the exclusive rights to distribute the vaccination in Palm Beach. How is that not pay for play?” But only DeSantis’s initial response is shown in full. Deliberately missing from the governor’s comments was his detailed answer laying out how the distribution system has worked in Florida in general, and how Publix has slotted into it in particular. In the unaired portion, DeSantis says: First of all, the first pharmacies that had [the vaccine] were CVS and Walgreens and they had a long-term care mission, so they were going to the long-term care facilities. They got the vaccine in the middle of December, they started going to the long-term care facilities the third week in December to do LTCs. So that was their mission, that was very important and we trusted them to do that. As we got into January, we wanted to expand the distribution points. So yes, you had the counties, you had some drive-thru sites, you had hospitals that were doing a lot, but we wanted to get it into communities more. So we reached out to other retail pharmacies: Publix, Walmart, obviously CVS and Walgreens had to finish that mission and we said we’re going to use you as soon as you’re done with that. None of this was apparent to viewers of 60 Minutes. The show did not note that CVS and Walgreens got the vaccine first; it did not explain the difference between the strategy for long-term-care facilities and the strategy for the broader population; it did not mention that Walmart was also used in the delivery of vaccines to the general public; it did not reference the work DeSantis has done extending the state’s effort to minority communities; and, crucially, it did not make clear that the reason Publix was so prominent in the second phase of vaccinations was that it was the first grocery chain to be ready. Instead, the show took two facts that in no way intersect and pretended that they had a causal relationship. There is a word for that sort of conduct, but it’s not “journalism.” So egregiously dishonest was 60 Minutes’ attempt that, shortly after it aired, the director of the Florida Division of Emergency Management took to Twitter to condemn it. “I said this before and I’ll say it again,” Jared Moskowitz wrote. “Publix was recommended by FLSERT [State Emergency Response Team] and HealthyFla [Florida Department of Health] as the other pharmacies were not ready to start. Period! Full Stop! No one from the Governors office suggested Publix. It’s just absolute malarkey.” Moskowitz, note, is no ideological ally of Governor DeSantis. On the contrary: He describes himself as a “progressive,” served as a Democrat in the Florida legislature until 2019, and has worked in various capacities for Al Gore, Joe Lieberman, and Barack Obama. His father, Michael, is one of the top Democratic fundraisers in the state. Unlike the producers of 60 Minutes, however, Jared Moskowitz is not a liar. Alas, he is fighting against the tide. 60 Minutes’ lies will now be laundered and repeated until, in millions of minds around the country, they are habitually referenced as “facts.” In that status they will be joined by the oft-repeated lie that Florida has been “cooking its books,” which it has not. From the moment the pandemic began, the mainstream press has proven itself incapable of writing about Florida as anything less than a mysterious, godforsaken backwater that, somehow, has managed to stumble through this crisis despite itself. That Florida ranks in the middle of the pack for deaths, despite having the fourth-oldest population in the country and being the destination of choice for young people, seems not to matter. Nor do many commentators seem much to care that Florida has done this while managing to stay largely open; that there have been real, verifiable, and under-covered scandals elsewhere; that the most populous state in the union is holding a recall election for its governor over his COVID response; or that, at the moment the 60 Minutes segment ran, it was not Florida that was in crisis, but Michigan. In part, this monomaniacal failure of imagination has been the product of the false reputation that Florida enjoys among a certain sort of sneering Acela-corridor journalist. Bubbling below the surface of all of last year’s coverage has been an unlovely implication: “That guy, in that state? Something tricky must be going on.” Last night, 60 Minutes made that explicit. As it turned out, though, it wasn’t DeSantis who was playing games with the truth. It was CBS.The next generation of men’s tennis remains a jumble of unrealized potential.  With Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer skipping the Miami Open, the tournament was expected to bring the game’s new faces into sharper focus.  Sunday’s match between No. 37-ranked Hubert Hurkacz and No. 31 Jannik Sinner was the first ATP Masters 1000 final since 2003 with two players ranked outside the top 30.Adam Toledo was shot and killed after Chicago police chased him following a report of gunfire on March 29.Jen Shah, of "The Real Housewives of Salt Lake City," was charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, but she's not the only star with legal issues.Fans were quick to react to the news on social media.Seasonal trends typical of other respiratory viruses don’t seem to apply to the coronavirus."IM TRULY SORRY If I Upset AnyOne In Blk Community," Cher said of the since-deleted tweet suggesting she could have saved George Floyd.A fire tore through a home in Leicester."That's a fake narrative," Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis said in a heated exchange over allegations he favored a grocery chain that donated to his campaign.When President Obama unveils the recommendations from a White House-led task force on how to curb gun violence in the wake of the Newtown, Connecticut shootings later Wednesday, the package of proposals is expected to include a series of executive orders.If you want a "big" (read: broad/comprehensive) bill to get through Congress, that's almost certainly a bad thing. Here's why.The practical reality of the executive order options before President Obama -- he is, reportedly considering as many as 19 -- is that the vast majority of actions he can take are relatively minor in nature. As the Post's Wonkblog noted Tuesday: "It’s unlikely that Obama can significantly alter gun laws through executive order."Of course, the reality of what Obama can do via executive order and the perception of his using executive privilege to alter (or re-enforce) laws are two very different things. And it's the perception that Obama has to worry about.If he does make good on all 19 executive orders (or, really, anything in double digits) Republicans will immediately cry foul, insisting that Obama is trying to run our democracy like a dictatorship.Democrats may roll their eyes at this tactic but remember that there is a major strain of thinking in the country -- among Republicans and even some independents -- that the ultimate goal for President Obama is to take away everyone's guns. (To be clear, the President has never hinted at such a move and, in fact, has made clear he opposes any sort of action like that.)The President acting alone would stoke those fears and gin up Republicans to keep any sort of larger legislation -- like, say, an assault weapons ban -- from moving through Congress. It would likely be seen as a poison-the-well moment from which the debate might never recover to a place where bipartisan compromise was possible.President Obama and his senior strategists are certainly aware of the danger of appearing to make (or change) law by fiat.  If Obama goes big on executive orders later today, it's likely because he has made the calculation that no significant number of Republicans are going to be with him on any sort of gun control measure and, therefore, the only way to get some of these things done is through his powers as the country's chief executive.Perhaps. But he also could run the risk of jeopardizing more broad-reaching pieces of his gun agenda if Democratic Senators up for re-election in pro-gun states like Louisiana, Arkansas and South Dakota balk at getting behind his legislative solutions in the wake of an uproar over the executive orders.Obama is, at heart, a political pragmatist -- a bent that would suggest that he goes smaller on executive orders in hopes of getting something bigger and more meaningful legislatively. But, he is also a creature of a first term dominated by partisanship and Congressional gridlock with an eye on his historical legacy.We'll know a bit later today which side of President Obama's personality won out.Inhofe to oppose Hagel: Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), the incoming ranking Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee, announced Tuesday evening that he will vote against Chuck Hagel's nomination for Secretary of Defense."Chuck Hagel is a good person, and it was a pleasure to serve with him in the United States Senate," Inhofe said in a statement, noting Hagel's service in Vietnam. “Unfortunately, as I told him during our meeting today, we are simply too philosophically opposed on the issues for me to support his nomination."Inhofe is taking over for Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) as ranking member on the committee which host Hagel's confirmation hearings.As we noted Tuesday, the GOP will likely need to be united in opposition to Hagel if it is to defeat him.Fixbits:The House passes $50 billion more in Sandy relief, despite the opposition of 180 Republicans.The NRA labels Obama an "elitist hypocrite."House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer (D-Md.) isn't sure an assault weapons ban will pass.The White House praises Sen. Marco Rubio's (R-Fla.) immigration push.The chairwoman of the Iowa Democratic Party thinks Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) will run for reelection in 2014. Harkin is 73 years old. News leaked this week that Rep. Bruce Braley (D), considered a likely successor as Democratic Senate nominee, is also looking at running for governor.New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R), who has raised big money as his profile has risen in recent months, will not take matching funds for his primary, as he did in 2009.Virginia gubernatorial candidates Terry McAuliffe (D) and Ken Cuccinelli (R) both raised about $1.1 million in their most recent fundraising reports.Sen. Kay Hagan (D-N.C.) leads all potential GOP challengers in a new poll from Democratic automated pollster PPP, though none of them are very well-known and Hagan has modest personal image numbers.Must-reads:"Hagel’s nomination as defense secretary gains momentum" -- Paul Kane, Washington Post"Obama to announce most expansive gun-control agenda in generations" -- Philip Rucker, Washington PostThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyThe most important news stories of the day, curated by Post editors and delivered every morning.By signing up you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    
        Jan. 23, 2013: Employees demonstrate gun safety to clients at the Los Angeles gun club in Los Angeles. (Reuters)Top elected officials in Texas and Mississippi want gun and ammunition makers in several states to flee and relocate to their respective states.Texas Gov. Rick Perry and Mississippi House Speaker Philip Gunn, both Republicans, have made overtures to Colorado-based Magpul Industries and other manufacturers, suggesting that they relocate.Magpul, a manufacturer of ammunition magazines for firearms, has threatened to leave Colorado if the state enacts a ban on high-capacity magazines.Perry, who reportedly sent letters to 26 firearms and ammunition manufacturers earlier this month, told Magpul that there is no other state "that fits the definition of business-friendly like Texas," according to the Denver Post.Perry's letter to Connecticut-based gun maker Mossberg & Sons reads in part, "As you consider your options for responding to unwarranted government intrusion into your business, you may choose to consider relocating your manufacturing operations to a state that is more business-friendly," according to CTMirror.org.Gunn sent letters Thursday to 14 gun manufacturers in Colorado, Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New York and North Carolina."I am personally inviting you and your company to come to the great state of Mississippi," Gunn wrote in a letter to Colt's Manufacturing Co. in Connecticut. "In our state, you will not be criticized for providing good to the law abiding citizens who enjoy hunting, shooting or who just want the peace of mind that comes with the constitutional right to protect their families."Leaders from other states have sent letters to some or all of the companies asking them to come to their homes. U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz, a Republican, has made an overture. Also chiming in have been U.S. Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C., and officials from Alabama, Idaho, Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Wyoming.Gunn's list also included the American unit of SIG Sauer in New Hampshire and North Carolina's Remington Arms Co. Both those states have little apparent movement toward tighter restrictions on guns and ammunition.When asked how Gunn made up the list, spokeswoman Meg Annison said he had looked at high-profile arms makers who had threatened by gun control. She said Remington's factory in New York is why it made the list.States where there's little movement to restrict firearms have trying to use their pro-gun culture as a way to lure gun makers away from their traditional production bases in the Northeast and Midwest.Mississippi has five makers of firearms and ammunition, according to Mississippi Development Authority records. The most prominent of those is Olin Corp.'s Winchester unit in Oxford. The state lured Olin to Oxford from East Alton, Ill., after the company couldn't reach a wage-reduction deal with its union in Illinois and Mississippi put up $25 million in incentives.Also in Mississippi, Precision Delta Corp. makes ammunition in Ruleville, MAC makes polymer bullet casings in Bay St. Louis, Nammo Talley assembles shoulder-launched rockets in Columbus and BAE Systems completes howitzers in Hattiesburg.The Associated Press contributed to this report.Click here for more from The Denver Post.Click here for more from CTMirror.org.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      SectionsTVFeaturedMore from NBC Follow NBC News First Read is your briefing from "Meet the Press" and the NBC Political Unit on the day's most important political stories and why they matter.Only about 1 of every 10 houses of worship are open as normal as of this Easter, according to the Pew data."Make it more difficult for people that we all agree should not have firearms, make it more difficult for them to get firearms," Sen. Pat Toomey R-Pa., said.Smart political reporting and analysis, including data points, interesting national trends, short updates and more from the NBC News political unit.NBC News Political Director; Moderator, Meet the Press; Host, MTP Daily.Featuring in-depth conversations with newsmakers, elected leaders and reporters.The news that matters, delivered to you weekdays.© 2021 NBC UNIVERSALWSJ MembershipCustomer ServiceTools & FeaturesAdsMoreDow Jones ProductsAsk most people on Capitol Hill and they’ll say: 50-50. Those are the odds they give for a government shutdown. An alternative to the shutdown would be a proposed delay of the individual mandate, the most painful part of Obamacare, which may seem like a Republican victory but on closer inspection would be a win for President Obama and Democrats.  Historians — or commentators, in the meantime — might view either of these possible outcomes as yet another “Putinesca” victory for the president: Saved by the enemy.Just as Russian President Vladimir Putin emerged at the brink of the U.S. bombing of Syria to orchestrate an alternative solution, Republicans may have provided a rip cord for Obama.Postponement of the individual mandate is part of the GOP bargaining package on raising the debt ceiling. Delay it for a year, say Republican leaders, and they’ll raise the debt limit for a year to keep the government operating.At least one Democrat, Joe Manchin, has conceded that this would be a pretty good idea since the health-care overhaul obviously isn’t ready. The many flaws have been fully vetted for months, though new ones continue to reveal themselves as we approach the insurance-exchange shopping spree scheduled to begin in a few days.Latest to the fraying Affordable (now “Adorable”) Care Act is a technological glitch in online applications for small businesses. It isn’t ready yet and will be delayed.What is ready, and adorable, is a sampler of new ads aimed at children who are still fretful about the new plan. Oh, wait, no. The ads, featuring baby ducks and kittens — purring and feeling ducky about Obamacare — are aimed at adults. They’re certifiably cute, but one can’t escape the thought that the federal government has skipped all pretense at treating Americans as adults. Naptime, anyone?To be fair, Sen. Ted Cruz read Dr. Seuss’s “Green Eggs and Ham” to his children during his 21-hour un-filibuster. The muse whispers: “Ted Cruz would send Ronald Reagan back to the Democratic Party.”Here’s the problem for Republicans, which will not be news to those with a view of the long game. The short game is to stall Obamacare, but to what end ultimately? Until Republicans can seize the Senate in 2014 and the White House in 2016, at which point they can repeal the whole thing?Skinny chance, that.More likely, whether the government shuts down or, should Tinker Bell suddenly materialize and persuade Obama to cave and postpone his personal dream act, Republicans will be viewed by a greater majority than previously as having no talent for leadership.And if the debt ceiling isn’t raised and the United States defaults, threatening our full faith and credit around the world and sending countries looking favorably for other currencies, not to mention the financial fallout here, then blame will fall at the feet of the Republican Party. No surprise there.Now consider the alternative scenario: Suppose Republicans succeed in getting the individual mandate delayed for a year — right up to the 2014 midterm elections. Bravo, right? Not necessarily. If voters don’t have to experience the uncertainty and discomfort of being forced to buy insurance in an unwieldy, dysfunctional system — all the while noticing that millions are still without coverage — who benefits?Surely not the Republicans, who, on the one hand, can be blamed for depriving insurance coverage to those poor sick kittens and ducklings. On the other, they accrue no benefit from having prevented the pain of implementing Obamacare. Republicans lose either way, but they may lose biggest if they win. Alternatives to present circumstances do not abound. Republicans have drawn their line in the sand. Democrats have drawn theirs. Obama says no negotiating over the debt ceiling, period. There is one alternative that is both perhaps best for the country and hardest for Obama. He could relent not to Republicans but to the greater good. He could delay full implementation past the 2014 elections, which would accomplish two things: One, he could iron out the wrinkles that are now apparent. Two, Democrats would get to slide through another election cycle without the most visibly painful part of Obamacare — the individual mandate. What, really, does Obama have to lose? Only face, the pain of which passes. What he would gain is the legacy that escapes so many these days — proof that he is a leader who does the right thing, even if it hurts his pride just a little. Republicans, who will have banished themselves to wander a while longer in the desert, may have drawn a line too far.  Read more from Kathleen Parker’s archive, follow her on Twitter or find her on Facebook.  Read more about this issue:  Eugene Robinson: The GOP in fantasyland  Dana Milbank: Republicans’ Obamacare search-and-destroy mission  E.J. Dionne Jr.: Republicans are desperate for a shutdown  Eugene Robinson: Obama must not yield on Obamacare, debt ceiling or shutdown  Dana Milbank: The great GOP leadership turnaround We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.Sign in to comment!For video troubleshooting and help click here.AdvertisementSupported byBy Jeremy W. Peters and Jonathan WeismanWASHINGTON — The Senate is expected to reject decisively a House bill that would delay the full effect of President Obama’s health care law as a condition for keeping the government running past Monday, as Senator Harry Reid, the Democratic majority leader, expressed confidence that he had public opinion on his side.Angering Republicans who lead the House, Mr. Reid kept the Senate shuttered on Sunday, in a calculated move to stall action on the House measure until Monday afternoon, just hours before the government’s spending authority runs out at midnight. Without a complete capitulation by House Republicans, large sections of the government would close, hundreds of thousands of workers would be furloughed without pay, and millions more would be asked to work for no pay. Polls show that the public is already deeply unhappy with its leaders in Congress, and the prospect of the first government shutdown in 17 years would be the latest dispiriting development. With a temporary shutdown appearing inevitable without a last-ditch compromise, the battle on Sunday became as much about blaming the other side as searching for a solution.House Republicans, who insisted that they had passed a compromise over the weekend that would avoid a shutdown if only the Senate would act, blamed Mr. Reid for purposely running out the clock.“Unlock those doors, I say to Harry Reid,” said Representative Ann Wagner, a Missouri Republican who stood on the steps of the empty Senate on Sunday with a dozen of her House colleagues. “Come out and do your job.”But Mr. Reid sees little incentive or political advantage in bowing to those demands. He has held his 54-member caucus together so far. And because of support from some Senate Republicans who have called it a mistake for House Republicans to try to force changes to the health care law in an unrelated fight over the budget, Mr. Reid’s hand has been strengthened.Senator Susan Collins of Maine became the latest Republican to criticize her House colleagues, saying on Sunday that an effort to link the health care amendments to the budget was “a strategy that cannot possibly work.” Mr. Reid’s plan, which exploits the bypasses and delays available to him in Senate procedure, leaves little time for the House to act before the Tuesday deadline. The Senate on Monday is expected to send back to the House a plain budget bill, stripped of its provisions to delay the full effect of the health care law, repeal a tax on medical devices and allow businesses to opt out of contraception coverage for their employees.All Mr. Reid needs are 51 Democrats to vote with him — not the usual 60-vote threshold required for most Senate business — and the spending bill will go back to the House in a matter of minutes. Senator Richard J. Durbin of Illinois, the No. 2 Democrat, said that he had been canvassing Senate Democrats from Republican states and that the party remained unified.Senate Democrats plan to emphasize a message that the blame for any shutdown rests squarely with Republicans. “They can decide at that point whether they’ll shut down the government or not,” Mr. Durbin said.Republicans would then face a difficult choice. Speaker John A. Boehner could risk the ire of his more conservative members and put the Senate bill on the floor for a straight up or down vote, a route that his more moderate members have begun urging him to take.Representative Charlie Dent, Republican of Pennsylvania, said on Sunday that he was actively courting Republicans and Democrats to get behind a temporary spending bill to avert a shutdown, even if it contained none of the additional measures the House passed over the weekend.“I’m prepared to vote for a clean resolution tomorrow,” Mr. Dent said. “It’s time to govern. I don’t intend to support a fool’s errand at this point.”Republican lawmakers said on Sunday that the House leadership had one more card to play, but that it was extremely delicate. They can tell Mr. Reid he must accept a face-saving measure, like the repeal of the tax on medical devices, which many Democrats support, or they will send back a new amendment that would force members of Congress and their staffs, and the White House staff, to buy their medical insurance on the new health law’s insurance exchanges, without any subsidies from the government to offset the cost.Republicans expressed certainty that for all the discomfort a shutdown would inflict on Capitol Hill, Democrats would not risk it to protect their own benefits.“The concern is palpable,” said Representative Reid Ribble, Republican of Wisconsin. “It will affect everybody, their staff, their budgets. But the American people feel we’re getting an unfair break.”The Republican House leadership indicated on Sunday that it was planning to amend whatever the Senate sends back Monday.“I think the House will get back together in enough time, send another provision not to shut the government down, but to fund it,” said Representative Kevin McCarthy of California, the majority whip. “And it will have a few other options in there for the Senate to look at again.”Getting to that point would require agreement from a group of conservative Republicans who have often acted in discord with the rest of their conference. And it would require them to drop objections to defunding the health care law or delay the law’s full implementation for a year. People can begin signing up for insurance coverage under the law starting on Tuesday.Representative Pat Tiberi, an Ohio Republican and close ally of Mr. Boehner, said House Republicans believed that they had already compromised by backing away from their demand that the health care law be defunded. Members of the large bloc of conservatives that often dictate the House agenda said they would not vote for any further government spending unless the health care law was gutted. The speaker talked them back this weekend to a one-year delay.“Harry Reid likes to excoriate the Tea Party members of our conference for not compromising, when he’s doing the exact same thing,” Mr. Tiberi said.Mr. Durbin said Mr. Reid’s resolve not to compromise has been helped by the shenanigans in the House, what he views as game-playing in the Senate by hard-liners like Ted Cruz, the Texas Republican, and a sense that now is the time to break the power of Tea Party Republicans.“This is what he believes,” Mr. Durbin said of Mr. Reid. “He’s sick and tired of the Tea Party caucus.”Complicating matters further, Mr. Cruz, who thrilled the conservative base last week with a 21-hour verbal assault on the health care law, has been urging House members to hold firm.There are many Republicans who are convinced that the public would not automatically blame them for a shutdown, and they sought over the weekend to make the case that Mr. Obama and Mr. Reid were slowing the process to score political points. They seized on a pair of images they hoped would resonate with the public: Mr. Obama playing golf on Saturday, and Mr. Reid keeping the Senate dark until Monday.Mr. Boehner called Mr. Reid’s move “an act of breathtaking arrogance.”The Capitol was quiet on Sunday. The action was on the morning talk shows, where leaders of both parties pointed fingers, and on the Senate steps, where Republicans gathered to demonstrate their anger at Mr. Reid. Neither Mr. Boehner nor Mr. Reid made any appearances.With the government hurtling closer to a shutdown, the Republicans’ resolve has seemed only to irritate Mr. Reid more. In terms that are exceedingly antagonistic, Mr. Reid has insulted his Republican colleagues as “anarchists” and “rumps” and has called them the “weird caucus.”And he has made little secret of the belief that the conservative wing of the House Republican conference has run roughshod over Mr. Boehner.This month, at a private meeting of all four leaders of the two chambers — Mr. Reid; Mr. Boehner; Mitch McConnell, the Senate minority leader; and Nancy Pelosi, the House minority leader — Mr. Reid tried to make light of the speaker’s difficulties with his more unmanageable members.He told Mr. Boehner that he would trade two of the Senate’s more volatile members for two of the House’s, according to three people told of the exchange. Mr. Boehner chuckled, but did not entertain the idea for long. “You don’t want mine,” he said.Advertisement
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    House Republicans are escalating their scrutiny of the decision to delay a key part of the health care overhaul, questioning whether the Obama administration even has the authority to "ignore the law" without the approval of Congress.The administration announced early last week that it was delaying by one year a requirement that large employers offer access to health insurance. Officials described the delay as a common-sense concession to businesses who complained the rules were too onerous, and maintained the Treasury Department was within its right. A Treasury official told FoxNews.com that the move was "an exercise of the administrative authority" under the IRS code. The official said the department has "longstanding" authority to "grant transition relief when implementing new legislation" like the health care law.A number of Republicans pointed to the sudden change as a sign of problems to come with the massive health care law. But, as lawmakers return on Monday from the holiday break, they're also challenging whether the tweak was an abuse of power."This action raises a lot of questions about whether the Obama administration can simply ignore the law when it's convenient for them," Rep. Phil Roe, R-Tenn., said in a statement.He said he's asked the Congressional Research Service to "investigate" that issue -- "because I don't think any president has the authority to pick and choose what parts of law to follow."The matter will get an airing on Capitol Hill later this week. Rep. Kevin Brady, R-Texas, chairman of a House Ways and Means subcommittee, has set a hearing for July 10 which, in part, will examine the issue of the administration's authority to change the law.Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, went a step further, describing the move as "another in a string of extra legal actions taken" by the Obama administration.The complaint about the administration's authority is just one of several Republicans have regarding the move to delay the mandate. They question whether more delays and changes are in store in the run-up to the Jan. 1 launch of many of the law's major provisions. They question why the so-called individual mandate -- the requirement on individuals to buy health insurance -- wasn't also delayed.But the Treasury Department and White House, in announcing the delay last week, explained that they did so after businesses complained about the reporting requirements. As the administration moves to simplify the rules, they said, they would in turn give businesses more time to comply."We have heard concerns about the complexity of the requirements and the need for more time to implement them effectively. We recognize that the vast majority of businesses that will need to do this reporting already provide health insurance to their workers, and we want to make sure it is easy for others to do so," Mark J. Mazur, the assistant secretary for Tax Policy at the Department of the Treasury, said last week on the Treasury blog.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      AdvertisementSupported byBy Maureen DowdWASHINGTON — WHEN you’re trapped in a city with House Republican gargoyles who don’t understand math or history, much less reality, sometimes you crave a dose of grandfatherly wisdom.Speaker John Boehner, trapped under the thumb of Tea Party anarchists, called Friday’s vote to defund Obamacare and invite a government shutdown, “a victory for common sense.”More like a triumph of nonsense.The victory for common sense last week was not in Congress, but at Georgetown University. Speaking to an excited crowd of students and others Thursday night beneath soaring stained-glass windows, the 83-year-old Warren Buffett offered inspiring lessons in patriotism and compassion — traits sorely missing here as Republicans ran headlong toward a global economic cataclysm and gutted the food stamp program.“I am sorry I’m late,” Nancy Pelosi murmured sardonically, as she arrived at the Buffett event. “We were busy taking food out of the mouths of babies.”Questioned by Brian Moynihan, the C.E.O. of Bank of America, and later students, Buffett seemed happy to be back in one of his hometowns, where, as the son of an investor from Omaha who became a congressman, he had once worked as a waterboy for the Redskins and a paperboy for Georgetown Hospital.His taste for making money was whetted when his customers at the hospital would give him bet suggestions for the numbers racket, big in Washington in those days.“They would tell me if there was a woman that had given birth to a baby that was, say, 8 pounds, 11 ounces,” he said, or the time of the birth.The C.E.O. of Berkshire Hathaway said he began investing at age 11 in 1942, a couple months after Pearl Harbor, after spending five years saving up $120. He even joked that he had fond thoughts of 1929 because it was when he was conceived: “my dad was a stock salesman and after the crash he didn’t have anything to do.”I wrote about Buffett in 1996, when Ted Turner upbraided fellow billionaires like Buffett and Bill Gates as “ol’ skinflints” for not loosening up “their wads” because they were afraid to fall off the Forbes 400 List. Back then, Buffett said he would wait until after he and his wife died, when he planned to give the bulk of his $15 billion to population control (even though, of course, every moment counts on that cause).But then, about five years ago, Buffett said at Georgetown, he and Gates began plotting about philanthropy and now they have enrolled 115 plutocrats pledging a majority of their net worth.“I’ve been dialing for dollars,” he said, adding that when billionaires resist, he gives them a warning: “If I’m talking to some 70-year-old, I say, ‘Do you really think your decision-making ability is going to be better when you’re 95 with some blonde on your lap, or now?’ ”He calls the Fed “the greatest hedge fund in history,” and observed of the moment America nearly went off the cliff: “I give enormous credit to Ben Bernanke and Hank Paulson and Tim Geithner and frankly, even though I didn’t vote for him, President Bush.”W.’s “great insight,” one worthy of Adam Smith, he said, was expressed in 10 words in September 2008: “He went out there from the White House and he said, ‘If money doesn’t loosen up this sucker could go down.’ ”The populist voice of the 1 percent stressed that “inequality is getting wider” and that we must figure out how to “share the bounty.” “We’ve got something that works and we don’t want to mess that up,” he said. There will be periodic recessions and the occasional panic, he noted, advising that those times are good to buy stock at “silly prices.”“It’s very hard to write regulations that will keep people from acting foolishly, particularly when acting foolishly has proven very profitable over the preceding few years,” he said. “Humans, they all think they’re Cinderella at the ball, and they think, as the night goes along, the music gets better and the drinks flow, they all think they’re going to leave at two minutes to 12 and of course there’s no clocks on the wall and they’re still dancing, so it will happen again.”“But,” he added slyly, “buy when it happens.”He doesn’t worry about keeping up with modern technology. He buys what he knows, like Coca-Cola, which he drank all evening. Evoking Ted Williams “waiting for the right pitch,” he counseled that: “You don’t need 20 decisions to get very rich. Four or five will probably do it over time.”Being a successful investor is not about having a high I.Q., he said, “but it does take a temperament that’s willing to step up and actually act. I always tell people, if they’re going in the investment business and you’ve got a 160 I.Q., sell 30 points to somebody else because you won’t need it.” Or sell some to the House Republicans.Advertisement
      This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten,
      or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved.
      Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
    With ObamaCare funding restored in budget bill, will House Republicans stand their ground or open the doors to a shutdown?House Republican leaders heading into a rare weekend session struggled with a tough choice after Senate Democrats succeeded in passing a "clean" budget bill which, contrary to GOP wishes, restores funding for ObamaCare.The Senate, capping a dramatic week on Capitol Hill, approved the bill on Friday, after Democrats stripped a Republican-backed provision to defund the health law. The final vote was 54-44.The House is expected to take up the legislation starting on Saturday, and the bill is seen by some lawmakers as a sort of legislative hot potato. If the two chambers cannot agree on a final bill by midnight on Monday, then the government will shut down. Neither side wants to be left holding the bill if that happens.House Speaker John Boehner could, theoretically, just call up the Senate-passed bill and rely on mostly Democrats to pass it. But House Republicans are under heavy pressure, now, from fellow conservatives to stand by their demand that ObamaCare be defunded, or least delayed.A group of 62 conservative Republican lawmakers emerged late Friday with a proposed amendment to the spending bill that would delay the entire health care law for a year. Rep. Tom Graves, R-Ga., said he plans to introduce the amendment when the House considers the funding bill."This approach was developed over several meetings with House Republicans, with a goal of keeping our conference unified, as we continue working to keep the government open and protect our constituents from the harmful effects of ObamaCare,” Graves said in a statement.Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, who staged an unsuccessful effort to stall the bill in the Senate, predicted the House would restore anti-ObamaCare provisions -- and urged Senate Republicans to unite with them. "Today, far too many Republicans joined Harry Reid in giving the Democrats the ability to fund ObamaCare," he said.Boehner signaled he will not accept the Senate-passed bill in its current form. If the bill is altered in any way, it will have to return to the Senate for yet another vote."The House will take action that reflects the fundamental fact that Americans don't want a government shutdown and they don't want the train wreck that is ObamaCare," spokesman Brendan Buck said in a statement.But President Obama, during remarks at the White House, warned Republicans not to go down that road."(Undoing ObamaCare is) not gonna happen," Obama said. "House Republicans will have to decide whether to join the Senate and keep the government open, or shut it down because they can't get their way. ... This grandstanding has real effects on real people."Obama also warned Republicans to back down on threats to tie an increase in the debt ceiling to other demands, claiming a U.S. default would cause an "economic shutdown."Should Republicans stand by their anti-ObamaCare demands, Democrats have launched an aggressive campaign to pre-emptively blame them for a government shutdown. During a post-vote press conference, Senate Democrats displayed a countdown clock to the "Republican government shutdown.""I don't know of anyone who wants to shut down the government. The only thing we want to shut down is ObamaCare," Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., said.Amid the fighting, federal agencies are warning about the impact of the looming shutdown. The Pentagon warned Friday that as many as 400,000 civilian workers could be furloughed. Military personnel are not subject to furlough and would continue to work, for the time being, without pay.Democrats used the doomsday scenarios to pressure Republicans into backing down."We've passed the only bill that can avert a government shutdown Monday night. I've said this on the floor -- I say it again: This is it," Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid said.Earlier Friday, Reid narrowly won approval to restore funding for ObamaCare. The 54-44 vote fell along party lines.That was after the Senate voted 79-19 on the initial version of the bill, which in its original form would keep the government open while defunding ObamaCare. Several Republicans joined Democrats in voting "yes" on that vote, ignoring appeals by Cruz and other conservatives to stall the bill.The first roll call had put Republicans in a difficult position, and prompted a very-public spate of infighting. Tea Party-aligned Republicans like Cruz, who staged a 21-hour anti-ObamaCare speech on the Senate floor this week, argued that Republicans should stop this bill in its tracks. Though the bill technically defunded ObamaCare -- which Cruz and his colleagues wanted -- they argued that since Reid would restore the funding, they should vote "no."A number of Republicans rejected this logic."I don't understand how I can otherwise vote on a matter that I want to see passed," Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, said. (Click to see the vote breakdown.)Though the test vote put Senate Republicans in a tricky spot, the bigger question is what House Republicans will do next.If Republicans stand by their demand that ObamaCare be defunded, delayed or otherwise undermined, then the two chambers could easily be at an impasse by midnight on Monday.Tempers and rhetoric were heated on Friday as Democrats accused their Republican colleagues of playing with legislative fire."We are at one of the most dangerous points in our history right now -- every bit as dangerous as the break-up of the Union before the Civil War," said Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa.But Republicans are treating their push to defund ObamaCare with urgency, in part because a key part of the law is set to go into effect next week."ObamaCare is the biggest job killer in the country," Cruz said.Get all the stories you need-to-know from the most powerful name in news delivered first thing every morning to your inboxSubscribedYou've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2021 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.To complete your CNN profile and ensure you are able to receive important account information, please verify your email address.
								Please click the button below to agree to our Terms and Conditions and acknowledge our Privacy Policy.An unbalanced insurance pool could lead to higher premiums, insurers pulling outCBO estimates nine million people will enroll in Medicaid or partner program for children2010 Supreme Court decision overturned mandatory plan for states to expand MedicaidMany insurers and state-based exchanges don't consider customers enrolled until they pay first
  They are the numbers we’ve all been waiting for and House Republicans have unsuccessfully tried to get out of the Obama administration.

  This week, the Department of Health and Human Services will reveal how many people purchased policies on the federal Obamacare exchange website.

  Technical failures have plagued HealthCare.gov since its October 1 launch, although officials say it’s slowly getting better. 

  White House spokesman Jay Carney says enrollment numbers “will be lower than we hoped and we anticipated.”

  Democrats losing patience with Obamacare

  Just how low and what effect all of those online roadblocks had on enrollment remain to be seen.

  But what will the numbers mean about the health of Obamacare?

  Q: How many people need to enroll?

  The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that 24 million people will purchase insurance through an exchange by 2023, but just seven million will enroll during the initial sign-up window ending March 31. 

  CBO’s estimate includes customers on both state-based and federally run insurance exchanges, but not individuals who enroll in Medicaid.

  If that number is spread evenly over the course of the open enrollment period, 1.16 million people would need to purchase insurance each month in order for the administration to be on pace to reach the seven million figure in six months.

  But officials both in and out of government are quick to point out that enrollment is unlikely to occur at an even pace.

  Pro-Obamacare group raises $27 million for outreach

  To make that case, President Barack Obama recently traveled to Massachusetts where then-Gov. Mitt Romney enacted similar health care reforms in 2006.

  “Enrollment was extremely slow, within a month only about a hundred people had signed up,” the President told a crowd in Boston in late October, recounting data from the state’s first open-enrollment period. “But then, 2,000 had signed up, and then a few more thousand after that.  And by the end of the year, 36,000 people had signed up.” 

  On CNN the day after the President’s trip, MIT economist Jon Gruber, a former health care adviser to both Romney and Obama, argued that the first month’s numbers aren’t that useful in estimating the pace of enrollment.

  “The key deadline here is March 31, that’s when people have to have insurance to avoid the individual mandate,” Gruber said of the deadline for avoiding a financial penalty for not having any health coverage. “That’s still months away.”

  A consumer behavior expert said the slow pace of enrollment early could be attributed to buying habits.

  Michael McCall, consumer psychology professor at Ithaca College, compared it to paying rent or a mortgage when it’s due, rather than before a bill is received. Until payment is submitted, the door remains open to back out or make changes.

  “Once I pay, I’ve kind of made that commitment,” McCall added.

  Arguably more important than the overall enrollment number is the diversity of the new customer pool.

  The administration is working to ensure that 40% of those on the new exchanges are relatively healthy between 18 and 35.

  “Part of the challenge is to make sure that the exchanges are able to attract a broad cross section of people, sick people and healthier young people so that the coverage is affordable,” said Drew Altman, president and CEO of the Kaiser Family Foundation.

  An unbalanced insurance pool could cause insurers to increase monthly premiums or pull out of the exchanges altogether in future years.

  Clinton: Obama should honor commitments on keeping health plans

  What about Medicaid enrollees?

  Customers whose income falls below a certain threshold are automatically referred to their state’s Medicaid program. The Affordable Care Act offers subsidies to states to increase Medicaid qualification to 138% of the federal poverty level, and 25 states and the District of Columbia have taken up the federal offer so far.

  If your state has opted to expand Medicaid, you’ll likely be referred to your state’s welfare agency if you make less than $15,800 and are seeking coverage as an individual, or $32,500 if you’re seeking it for a family of four.

  The CBO estimates that nine million people will enroll in Medicaid and its partner initiative for children, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, by 2014. According to this estimate, that number will increase to 13 million by 2023.

  Media report: Fewer than 50,000 signed up for Obamacare

  What if my state didn’t expand Medicaid?

  The authors of the ACA intended Medicaid expansion to be mandatory, but a Supreme Court decision in 2010 ruled the federal government couldn’t require expansion of a state-run program. This decision led 25 states to opt out.

  If you make less than the federal poverty level, you will be referred to your state Medicaid agency to see if you qualify for benefits under the current law, regardless of whether your state has expanded Medicaid or not. 

  According to a study by the Kaiser Foundation, only four states that didn’t expand Medicaid offer benefits to parents with incomes up to the federal poverty level, and only Wisconsin offers benefits to adults without children.

  If your state chose not to expand its Medicaid program, you can still purchase insurance on the exchange, but you might not qualify for a premium subsidy.

  Federal subsidies kick in for those with income above 100% of the federal poverty level.

  Due to the Supreme Court decision and the structure of the law, a large group of low-income Americans won’t qualify for Medicaid in their state, but will earn less than the federal poverty level, meaning they won’t qualify for any federal subsidies. According to the Kaiser Family Foundation, roughly five million people will fall into this Medicaid coverage gap.

  What does “enroll” mean, anyway?

  Regardless of whether you’re signing up on HealthCare.gov or one of the state-run exchanges, there are several steps in the enrollment process.

  You must first create an account and enter in some personal information, including your Social Security number and an estimate of your annual income.

  This information is then verified through the federal data hub with various government agencies, such as the Social Security Administration and the Internal Revenue Service.

  Then you’ll either be presented with the plans available in your coverage area and an estimate for what those plans will cost after any federal subsidy is factored in, or you’ll be told you qualify for Medicaid and referred to your state’s Medicaid agency.

  If you’re eligible to purchase a plan on the exchange, you can compare the plans available to find one that best fits your budget and coverage needs. 

  Many insurance companies and state-based exchanges don’t classify customers as officially enrolled until they’ve paid their first premium. Others will count people as enrolled once they’ve selected a plan.

  A spokeswoman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services confirmed Tuesday that the numbers the government plans to announce will reveal how many consumers have completed an application and selected a plan, not necessarily how many have paid. 

  Consumers have until December 15 to pay if they want coverage beginning on January 1, or until March 31 if they simply want to avoid paying the penalty for not having insurance.

  According to CNN’s tally, at least 54,700 people have paid for insurance on the state-based exchanges, but many more have made it partially through the process, completing an application and selecting a plan.

  Various news outlets have reported that fewer than 50,000 people have signed up and paid for new private insurance plans through the federal marketplace, HealthCare.gov. Neither the Department of Health and Human Services nor officials at CMS would confirm those numbers. 
© 2021 Cable News Network. A Warner Media Company. All Rights Reserved.  CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network.